F-SCORE = 0.6285714285714286
TP = 11
TF = 1476
FP = 0
FN = 13
TP descriptions:Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
#URL_ddb080358fa5eecf5a67c649cfb4ffc343c484389f1bbaf2a1cb071e3f2b6e7e# and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications throughout this process to the HR department at Aptitude Staffing Solutions#EMAIL_0c020555b4dbc1c1e03d03c46cc181bcfde81bf5b20fea95d1bc7dc64c79814c#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_f4da338e899ddba983ac771b001681d1d2d93b3327ddc420a15f4e5a310071a9# | #PHONE_90d33c9d7ec1484aebfe37b153d677decc6f5f53b316489ed24061544c04eb66#
Awarded by Expatriate Lifestyle Magazine with 2013 Best Business Hotel Excellence Award, Le Meridien Kuala Lumpur is the ultimate place for indulgence whenever one visits Malaysia. Strategically located in Kuala Lumpur Sentral (KL Sentral), the business and transportation hub adjacent to Kuala Lumpur city centre, the hotel is easily accessible through integrated rail connections. This 35-storey hotel is only 28 minutes ride from the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and 33 minutes from KLIA2 via KLIA Express Rail Link. With the integrated mall NU Sentral in KL Sentral, guests will have the opportunity to explore retail threrapy before commuting to the airport.
Aptitude Staffing Solutions has redesigned the recruiting wheel. Our innovative new platform cuts the recruiting time in half, yields scientifically-proven results and clients and candidates enjoy a pleasant experience through advanced, simple to use technology and a tenured, industry-experienced recruiting team. Join us in a fresh new experience of leveraging your career...the way it should be! All represented candidates enjoy the following perks:Expert negotiations, maximizing total compensation package Signing bonus by Aptitude Staffing in addition to client signing bonus (if applicable)1 Year access to AnyPerkRelocation Services for out of town candidatesContinued education in your area of profession, seminars, workshops and other skill development events Contract employees receive quarterly bonuses for the duration of their project Direct-Hire employees receive double bonues ($2,000) per referred/recruited candidate into their newly appointed companyAll candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program &amp; earn $500 - $1,000 per hired referral            
                                                                                 Staffing &amp; Recruiting done right for the Oil &amp; Energy Industry!Represented candidates are automatically granted the following perks: Expert negotiations on your behalf, maximizing your compensation package and implimenting ongoing increases Significant signing bonus by Refined Resources (in addition to any potential signing bonuses our client companies offer)1 Year access to AnyPerk: significant corporate discounts on cell phones, event tickets, house cleaning and everything inbetween.  You'll save thousands on daily expenditures Professional Relocation Services for out of town candidates* All candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program ranging anywhere from $500 - $1,000 for all successfully hired candidates... referred directly to the Refined Resources teamPlease submit referrals via online Referral FormThank you and we look forward to working with you soon!  [ Click to enlarge Image ]
Jaco Oil and Refined Resources have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications to the HR Department within Refined Resources (#URL_80d75e0d07ca8b108539318a0443bfe5d1ff472afa0c4540b77079c5d5f31eee#) #EMAIL_0b13a2cfd4718ce252c09b2353d692a73bd32552e922c5db6cad5fb7e9a2c6c3#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_395225df8eed70288fc67310349d63d49d5f2ca6bc14dbb5dcbf9296069ad88c# | #PHONE_70128aad0c118273b0c2198a08d528591b932924e165b6a8d1272a6f9e2763d1#
Aptitude Staffing Solutions has redesigned the recruiting wheel. Our innovative new platform cuts the recruiting time in half, yields scientifically-proven results and clients and candidates enjoy a pleasant experience through advanced, simple to use technology and a tenured, industry-experienced recruiting team. Join us in a fresh new experience of leveraging your career...the way it should be! All represented candidates enjoy the following perks:Expert negotiations, maximizing total compensation package Signing bonus by Aptitude Staffing in addition to client signing bonus (if applicable)1 Year access to AnyPerkRelocation Services for out of town candidatesContinued education in your area of profession, seminars, workshops and other skill development events Contract employees receive quarterly bonuses for the duration of their project Direct-Hire employees receive double bonues ($2,000) per referred/recruited candidate into their newly appointed companyAll candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program &amp; earn $500 - $1,000 per hired referral            
                                                                                 Staffing &amp; Recruiting done right for the Oil &amp; Energy Industry!Represented candidates are automatically granted the following perks: Expert negotiations on your behalf, maximizing your compensation package and implimenting ongoing increases Significant signing bonus by Refined Resources (in addition to any potential signing bonuses our client companies offer)1 Year access to AnyPerk: significant corporate discounts on cell phones, event tickets, house cleaning and everything inbetween.  You'll save thousands on daily expenditures Professional Relocation Services for out of town candidates* All candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program ranging anywhere from $500 - $1,000 for all successfully hired candidates... referred directly to the Refined Resources teamPlease submit referrals via online Referral FormThank you and we look forward to working with you soon!  [ Click to enlarge Image ]
#URL_ddb080358fa5eecf5a67c649cfb4ffc343c484389f1bbaf2a1cb071e3f2b6e7e# and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications throughout this process to the HR department at Aptitude Staffing Solutions#EMAIL_0c020555b4dbc1c1e03d03c46cc181bcfde81bf5b20fea95d1bc7dc64c79814c#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_f4da338e899ddba983ac771b001681d1d2d93b3327ddc420a15f4e5a310071a9# | #PHONE_90d33c9d7ec1484aebfe37b153d677decc6f5f53b316489ed24061544c04eb66#
Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
TF descriptions:Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Founded in 2009, Greene Health Care Inc. is the leading provider of hospice solutions. We facilitate health care convergence through secure cloud- based portal technologies enabling health care organizations to serve the needs of their patients, employees, physicians and partners.
Digital Brand Architects is a transformative boutique agency that expertly navigates the digital landscape through a two-pronged business model: one that tackles digital strategy and social media innovation for some of the world’s most venerable brands and companies, and the other that specializes in the talent management of a world-class portfolio of over 90 top online influencers and publishers. DBA is best heralded as the first and only agency to have a dedicated management division for online talent and for pioneering a monetization model that leverages a digital publisher’s influence online and builds them into prominent brands offline.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HireHopes is the premier professional services consulting firm that specializes in strategic job search, career advisement services, and professional coaching with an emphasis in technology sectors.
Avazzar is a progressive recruitment company with a robust commitment to timely and accurate delivery of HR Solutions. Our approach, the transactional models that we follow, quality control benchmarks built into every process and our employees ensure that we deliver superior quality human resources to meet the full spectrum requirements of our clients.Avazzar's management team contains more than twenty years of combined experience in the field of HR, IT, ITES &amp; RECRUITMENT - a team of experienced cross-skilled, domain specialist consultants who meet every requirement at the least #URL_634518be3cafef4615865038a6016f9819e1b6cd9c2bd125b9c02ee10c7154f0# objective models are based on a customized talent acquisition strategy in identifying and deploying talent for every client where we have a wing-to-wing commitment on TAT &amp;Quality of Hire parameters for middle &amp; sr. level candidates.In an era where businesses in every sector is faced with stiff competition and staying ahead of the curve is a daunting challenge, we have consistently followed a simple credo - "be a differentiator".
The MacTay Group is a leading consulting company with its sole aim to nurture and improve growth in people and establishments by offering strategic and operations consulting services. Our 30 year success story has been one filled with excitement and fulfilment for our clients, overcoming difficult challenges, cutting across Private, Public and social sectors while staying true to our beliefs that limitations are only a figment of the imagination, with our committed and innovative team, we have proved this time and again.Our focus has always been to maximize output, performance and excellence, and this can be attested to by the numerous brands we have worked with in West Africa. Our major driving force is our deep seated passion to improve performance using the best possible initiative ideas, supporting our clients to improve and modify, exceeding expectations and in the end creating ultimate satisfaction. We are constantly on the edge of transforming, as we believe that nothing is impossible.
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
We are an ambitious company looking for energetic, enthusiastic and creative people to join our Dublin based team!  We offer a fun and challenging environment, a culture that fosters learning, and the chance to work on a diverse range of technologies. Boxever is a cloud-based customer intelligence platform that enables travel companies to leverage their online and offline customer data to create stronger, more profitable customer relationships. Using a unique fusion of travel knowledge, Big Data and predictive analytics, we aim to deliver unparalleled insight into customer behaviour across all channels.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Niacet is a leading producer of organic salts, including propionates and acetates, serving the Food, Pharmaceutical and Technical industries. With two longstanding and fully automated manufacturing sites, located in Niagara Falls, NY USA, and Tiel, The Netherlands, Niacet offers world-class quality products to a global market. Our products fill vital needs in a broad range of applications that are essential to everyday life including food preservation, antibiotic formulation, dialysis treatment, energy production, and more.At Niacet all employees share in the growth and prosperity of the corporation. We want our employees to take pride in their personal and corporate accomplishments. Safe working conditions are achieved through continuous education of our  employees and improved facilities. We aim to provide job and financial security for all employees.
We Build Great CompanieseFounders is a startup studio focused on building fast-growing SaaS technology companies. We believe that with simple ideas, great talents, some money and a lot of effort, we can build prosperous companies. Our goal is to co-found 2 companies per year and to help all our existing companies grow faster by pooling resources. 
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
Tutorizon is a web meeting point of tutors and students or individual learners.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
Aquira help businesses sell more. Lots more. We do this through a range of tailored direct marketing services, high quality data solutions, lead generation and end-to-end outsourced sales. We work with a wide range of big brand name companies across all sectors, delivering profitable customers every time. In fact, things are going so well that we've opened a state-of-the-art site. It's called our Sales Lab. And it's in Glasgow city centre. We are looking to recruit talented and passionate individuals in the following areas: Sales Lab based roles including Outbound Sales Advisor and Team Manager, Dialler Management, MI / Data Analysts, Professional opportunities including HR, Finance and Administration At Aquira, we’re looking for great people. Good isn’t good enough. Call us on #PHONE_351bffd1fb9279f982d96079a2090e49e56454b165d938e5fe464b7ea96a18ba# to find out more.
Mashape is the largest, most trafficked API marketplace/hub in the world.Mashape is a revenue generating startup powering thousands of APIs (both private and public) and Applications - it’s used in almost 100 countries by thousands of developers and adopted in every major industry including finance, healthcare, military, agriculture, insurance, government, media, e-commerce, retail, aviation, manufacturing and telecom.Mashape is funded by tier 1 VC firms including Index Ventures, NEA, CRV, Stanford University, Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt.
Ginetta Web/Mobile is a leading web company based in Zürich, Switzerland. We carefully design and develop outstanding user experiences for our clients. The applications we build are simple, beautiful and fun to use.We value people over deadlines. We offer a respectful, creative and result-oriented environment in which you can perform at your highest level. We work hard, sweat the details, and celebrate our progress with drinks at the end of the week.Check out our jobs page to learn more about what it’s like to work at Ginetta.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
Airenvy’s mission is to provide lucrative yet hassle free full service short term property management all around the world. We combine the charm of your home with the amenities of a boutique hotel.Currently the short-term rental property management companies are run inefficiently thus having to charge owners 40-50% of monthly revenues. By using our pricing algorithm cross-platform listing technology out goal is to increase your rental income by 20% or more while only charging you a 12%-15% commission for providing a turnkey experience.We like to think Airenvy is creating a new way for people to become excited again about property management and love their property managers.First use case for Airenvy clients are those who want to convert their long-term rental into short-term rental so they can 1) earn more income while having the flexibility of staying in your own place when you want.Airenvy is your friend next door! : ) Our customer video! #URL_e73543fde61f659ae4e25b87c34adb321c37207b4adc143cb6a99351c3ee1cb5#
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Schroeder Solutions is a full-service interiors company focused on keeping our clients’ and our own work environments as productive and enjoyable as possible.  We’re a growing company, awarded the Biz Times Future 50 Award and Top 10 Small Businesses in Waukesha County.   We’re looking to add more talented, highly motivated professionals to our team.   You’ll work in a fun, healthy environment with a team-focused, client-oriented staff.  Schroeder Solutions has a solid history of growing and flexing with your career desires and changing personal life. If you want to work in a showcase workplace with an eye on perfection and a desire to elate our clients, check out these opportunities:
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
Founded in the mid 2000′s, our services include building and management of systems that provide the overall web infrastructure, building successful applications, combines intelligent automation with powerful lead generation, e-commerce and social media strategies. Everything we do is aligned with our goal to help our partners succeed with the help of technology.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Urban Robotics Inc. provides cutting edge software and hardware solutions for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Remote Sensing and Geospatial applications. Products include aerial EO and NearIR digital sensor systems, high performance aerial and ground computer clusters, and automated algorithms and services for generating fast turn-around 3D orthorectified maps.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
G&amp;H International Services, Inc. is a Washington D.C. small business dedicated to providing services and technology to enhance organizational and community preparedness and resilience. We work with all levels of government and the private sector to develop and manage programs and projects that improve information management, situational awareness, and communications interoperability.GHI is a consulting company founded in 1997, focused in the Emergency Management industry. Our employees are our greatest asset. We are committed to continually building a team of the most qualified and committed consulting and technology professionals and helping them grow with challenging assignments supporting the company mission. GHI hires people who are able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive and help implement innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers.
Soal Technologies, LLC. is a full service information technology development and consulting firm. We work with our clients to provide business solutions that meet their current business challenges and allow them to expand their operations in future. We work with you to identify and create IT solutions that make your operation more productive and effective. We have over 25 years of combined experience in planning, developing and delivering effective and quality business solutions for a wide variety of industries. Learn more about our business solutions. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Convalescent Aid Society (CAS) is a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for residents of the San Gabriel Valley, Burbank, and Glendale, through the free loan of durable medical equipment for in-home use. For more information visit #URL_052430d7d79b22dcdca1a921844d47fd7d0c5b5647f0e67aa73acbd10f75da9c#
Gorilla Logic provides custom application development services on the ground and in the cloud to many of the world's leading software-driven organizations. It has a rich history of applying software engineering best practices to reduce the time and cost of delivering high-quality, full-featured applications with advanced functionality. Its technical leadership in mobile, rich Internet and enterprise applications showcases its broad commitment to software development best practices and quality. Gorilla Logic's innovative work with emerging development platforms led to the creation of MonkeyTalk, the industry leading open-source tools for automated mobile and web testing.Our client list includes companies such as NBC/Universal, Blue Cross / Blue Shield of Michigan, Verizon Wireless, eBay, Frontier Airlines, JPMorgan and the Veteran’s Administration to name a few.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
SocialWellth is a Las Vegas, Nevada based social engagement company focusing on leveraging consumer profile data, localized community resources, emerging media tools and gamification to create trusted connections between consumers and their healthcare #URL_a94316f384f48fd4e8d466974cd950a7694ce1fb7b1c2391dc1aa64328f340b5# on the strengths and experiences of the Nevada Gaming Industry, who has learned the power of harnessing consumer profile data into captivating relationships, SocialWellth, is poised to launch the country’s first profile driven hyper-personalized Consumer Health Connection Network.  This network will leverage social and health data, localized community resources, social media tools and gamification to create a trusted connection between consumers and their healthcare sponsors. Our platform strategies and solutions will create a centralized hub enabling partners to integrate and aggregate disparate online and offline solutions into a compelling, magnetic experience, which will in turn lead to sustainable achievements in day-to-day balanced living.
EventMobi is changing the way attendees experience events using their smartphones and tablets at conferences and tradeshows. Clients like Disney, Motorola and some of the biggest conferences and associations have used EventMobi to enhance the attendee experience at their events. Our event apps have been used by thousands of corporate &amp; association event planners and millions of attendees across the globe.We are on a crazy growth spurt and looking for passionate, fun, and outgoing individuals who love to educate others about technology, build relationships, and grow EventMobi’s international client base. Join us and help change the way the world meets and learns at live events with EventMobi.
About ADS Security – Our Proud History in the Security IndustryHeadquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, ADS Security (ADS) is ranked the 26th largest electronic security firm in the nation according to the annual Top 100 rankings compiled by Security Distributing &amp; Marketing (SDM), a leading industry publication. ADS has ranked in SDM's prestigious Top 100 for more than 20 consecutive years.ADS was established in 1990 and currently serves over 70,000 businesses, industrial facilities and residences throughout the southeastern United States. ADS provides a full range of burglar and fire alarms, as well as video surveillance, access control and automation systems.ADS Security is the only security installation company to operate a UL-listed1, CSAA2 Five Diamond Monitoring Center in Middle Tennessee. Each Monitoring Center Operator at ADS has earned the Five Diamond Central Station Certificate, the highest training certification available in the industry. 1 Underwriters Laboratories2 Central Station Alarm Association
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
PowToon (#URL_84da40102d63eebf414f1476e73cf04c518288708e1f2fe344ec3f0417a067aa#) is a brand new presentation software that is so simple and intuitive, it allows anyone who ever used PowerPoint or KeyNote to easily evolve their presentations to AWESOMENESS!PowToon contains themes of animated characters, props and cool transitions which you can just drag and drop into a slide to create eye catching and fun presentations that can be presented in person, or turned into animated videos at the click of a button.
Mindscape is a Wellington based software development company that specialises in building tools for software engineers. We have a high growth product, Raygun (#URL_6b2f170addc3dd0415d65e21a8ece81d4c134c2b1a8b449386367dfaa286971b#) that's growing strongly. Mindscape is profitable and recently raised money to aggressively expand. Well respected, Mindscape has won international and national awards for excellence in software and has thousands of customers, including BMW, NATO, Intel, Microsoft &amp; Beats Music to name a few. If you're up for the challenge of joining a fast growing business then look no further.
KatalystFP is a Specialty Finance and Servicing Company that finances small to medium sized companies.  KatalystFP offers a broad spectrum financing programs that can help small to medium sized business.  KatalystFP develops out of the box solutions to businesses that have a hard time finding financing.  These business are not businesses that are in trouble but may not fit a traditional lenders "box". We take the time to learn, underwrite and understand these businesses to get them the financing they need to grow their business.  We do the hard work that others won't.Due to our unique place in the financing world, we are experiencing growth that requires new team members with a broad set of skills.  We are a small but efficient team and are looking for the next member to join our family.  KatalystFP is  a fast paced, dynamic work environment and needs a team member that can adapt and evolve as we evolve.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Cloud 66 helps Devs and Ops deploy their applications on any public cloud. With Cloud 66, developers can deploy their web applications, mobile backends or APIs to their own servers on any cloud and benefit from load balancers, DB backups and replication, firewall management, team access control and much more.
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Tal &amp; Associates is a Premier Healthcare Search Firm specializing in aligning talented people in the healthcare field with outstanding facilities in the greater NYC area. We feel a Search Executive’s job is to search for an appropriate candidate based on our client’s requirements. The process begins by understanding precisely what will attract the top individuals to top opportunities. Explored is their motivation to make a change, their ability to meet the requirements of the offered opportunity, the critical point in the development of their career, and how their mindset fits with the company's culture. A large part of paying attention in our business involves mentally aligning this information. By considering and helping to prioritize a wide range of needs, we end up with a hiring process that allows for a highly successful match. We work efficiently to find the most applicable candidates, and we will only present candidate resumes where we feel they will fit with our clients requirements and motif. Our goal is always to build long lasting, positive working relationships between ourselves and our clients for future success of the professionals we work with. 
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNC’s for the past 12 years.We specialize in High end Recruitments in IT, Telecom, Embedded, Chip Design and Non-IT (Manufacturing, Engineering, Oil &amp; Gas, Infrastructure, BFSI,FMCG,Automobile,Aeronautics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Life-Sciences and Business Advisory) domains.We have a strong team of more than 100 employees operating from multiple offices in Bangalore located on HAL Airport Road.Visit us also at #URL_1722ee2d0bc47c66058101f0a811deb4a0991ebf80d1cadd752ef83c41ebfd15# , #URL_1bf25f25493e97bdc8354cb65991bb196949302fd5331c01b896c04df7c80783# , #URL_387f3642127667d307b8bfb226e4fb0d52ab6c3140cc7d544b8027e21c4fc3a5#
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Millionaires In Training Recruiting Group specializes in placing qualified job seekers in the most successful direct sales and marketing firms of Fortune 500 companies. We are responsible for placing thousands of job candidates successfully in a position that allows them to manifest their career goals. Whether you’re looking to take the next step, make a change, or pursue a different industry MIT Recruiting Group can assist you in taking your career to new unprecedented heights.  
Sendence provides next generation data technology to the financial services industry (broker-dealers, hedge funds and other services providers) at a far lower cost of ownership than in-house solutions, and at large scale with industry-standard SLAs. We solve complex business problems (large scale data warehousing, real-time analytics and alerting and associated reporting) using modern approaches. Sendence enables faster time-to-market, better scale, and simpler deployments.Sendence is hiring! If you are a high-impact, creative and wicked-smart technologist that wants to work on cool stuff and make a huge difference at a young company then we are a great fit. Apply to one of our job postings.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
Our Mission:Our mission is to help individuals turn their entrepreneurial dreams into reality.Our Goal:Our goal is to help entrepreneurial-minded individuals gain greater online access to business skills training, virtual business mentoring, and business networking opportunities.Our Organization:Training for #URL_d2c181a25d6cae93c1d13b76c0a0a9d1578c25d49b2eb89296c63bc083eda7a2# (TFE) is a knowledge and relationship development website of Legacy Associates, Inc. Legacy Associates is a small business consulting and management services firm located in Lakewood Ranch, Florida, USA. TFE serves the world-wide web in three primary areas: Facilitators of a web-based entrepreneurial development community, Creators &amp; Publishers of educational content for small businesses, and Trainers &amp; Mentors of online e-Learning courses, virtual mentoring programs, and live onsite training workshops.
Boxbee is the Storage Valet Service. We are a startup and also a real, revenue generating business. We help people manage their stuff and live happier urban lives. Half the world live in urban environments, where technology is increasingly applied to solve the problems that come with this way of life. Boxbee was the first to apply technology to the old-school industry of storage. Space in cramped urban apartments is no longer the limit on how much stuff you can keep, and have access to. Businesses use Boxbee, giving them space in their store or high-rise office, without losing access to their stuff.We already work with a select group of recruiters. If you're a recruiter, we thank you for your interest but please do not contact us about these positions. 
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
An agency that places native English speakers across Thailand to teach English, Maths, Science and Computer Studies to Thai children in Government schools. If you are looking for travel, teaching and a very Thai experience - MediaKids Academy can help.We place native English speakers with degrees in real Thai schools across central, Northern and North-Eastern Thailand. We offer a range of programs and levels, across different subjects, for four month paid placements! 
Synapse Games is exploding onto the mobile gaming market after over five years experience making social games.  We are a fun but fast-paced team, working on several deeply strategic multiplayer games.  We celebrate our progress every Friday with board games and team lunches, using the time to both research new game mechanics and relax after a successful week.Our hit game Tyrant Unleashed has climbed through the ranks and consistently appears in the top 100 grossing games on Android.  Our second game, Global Assault, has just launched and earned the #1 New Games slot on the Google Play store.  We have a proven track record of hit strategy games, and we seek highly skilled developers to help us expand on our success to grow this gaming empire while remaining an efficient and creative team.  
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Founded in 2000, Axxess Industries is an innovative electronics, software and signage workshop changing how people and technology interact in both hotels and homes. Our products can be seen in automated homes and hotels around the world.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Existanze Integrated Solutions was founded in 2005 and has established itself as a company with deep technical knowledge in a broad range of IT services, providing consulting services, systems integration and bespoke software development services across a large array of platforms and programming languages.Given the quick pace and shift in technology our company has been able to adapt quickly to meet new customer demands. Our engineers don't focus on a single aspect, they are able to tap their learning resources in a plethora of interests, in essence this is what gives our company that flexibility.Our work spans from systems integrations, where our customers had 3,4 and sometimes more systems running as disparate entities and we were able to provide a fully vertically integrated system with a single entry point. To web applications providing multiple points of access (www, mobile, sms, voip) for purchasing and invoicing.We also like to boast our more creative side having designed and implemented over 50 custom cms websites over the past 2 years.Finally we are also expanding our knowledge base to include talent for providing solutions in social networking ( analytics, statistics, data mining)  and mobile applications (iOS, Android).
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Atcom is a world - class software vendor of smart content management products for intelligent interactive media solutions. Based in Greece, with offices also in U.K, Atcom has successfully completed more than 1800 large scale productions, all powered by the multi-awarded Netvolution WCMS. Atcom employs more than 120 people.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
VisaHQ hires a diverse and internationally minded staff of professional and reliable employees who are dedicated to breaking through the many bureaucratic barriers imposed on international travelers. They know their way past these hurdles not only from professional training programs and effective management, but through a wealth of personal and shared experience. In short, the company and its dependents hold themselves to the highest standards of professionalism, dedication, and respect.
At MAM, we are passionate about changing the culture of the mental health industry. We seek to de-fragment care, utilize technology such as telemedicine to bring care to rural populations, and bring innovative service delivery options to communities. We love our clients and the people who work along side us. We are a very people-oriented company, seeking to have an excellent internal culture in order to change the external culture. We love out-of-the-box thinking and innovative leaders. We would love to meet with you to discuss opportunities in our company or just get to know you! 
Palerra, Inc. designed LORIC™ to protect an enterprise’s entire cloud footprint from branded applications such as Microsoft Office 365 to infrastructure such as AWS, and everything in between. It combines security configuration management, threat detection, predictive analytics, and automated incident response into a single platform, delivering comprehensive visibility and ensuring continuous compliance. It does so without any hardware or software, and unlike cloud access control solutions, is not inline to critical online activities. Palerra is a privately held company funded by Norwest Venture Partners and Wing Venture Partners, and is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA. For more information, visit #URL_0c40dbc1d9014b6904197135b018741d1dd9cf15cacf146d50eac32c088fb31a#.
Riverside is an internationally recognized engineering, science, and information technology company with more than 25 years experience providing innovative information technology solutions for environmental decision support systems, using a variety of different environmental data sources, from satellite sensors and imagery to stream gauges in local rivers.RIVERSIDE QUICK FACTSFounded in 1985Corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, ColoradoCompleted over 1,200 projects in more than 30 countriesNCBR Mercury 100 List for “Fastest Growing Companies Over $2 Million”SBA “Small Business of the Year Award” recipientNCBR 2011 “Environmental Entrepreneur Award” recipientRiverside has successfully implemented more than 1,200 projects in over 30 countries, and maintains a strong worldwide customer base, including U.S. government agencies such as USAID and USTDA, and international donor organizations such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank, and FAO.Since 1985, Riverside has built relationships and partnerships with a variety of clients including the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB) — providing products, services, and solutions meeting their long-term needs.
We believe cities are complicated. And your mobile device should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.We're a small dedicated team based somewhere in London with backgrounds in transport, Google, apps, design, investing and academia. We're venture capital backed by a number of fancy pants investors including Balderton Capital, Index Ventures, Greylock Partners, Connect Ventures as well as some angels.We're motivated by solving hard fundamental everyday problems that improve the quality of people's lives. We like simplifying complexity, reinventing user experience, working with data, shipping fast, and humanising a serious space.We're hiring now!
Established in 1999,  Prometheus Group is a leading provider of and Health Information Management (HIMS) software solutions and Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) to Healthcare Providers (Hospitals, Academic Medical Centers, Physician Practices, IDTF's, DME Companies, ASC's, LTC's, etc.) and Pharmacies. Today revenue cycle is in constant transition, labor intensive and complex. At Prometheus we cut through this complexity with experience, operational discipline and process automation to business processes that allow our clients to minimize risk, manage growth and improve profitability. We optimize our client’s revenue cycle by leveraging our people, processes and technology to reduce operating and capital costs, recover revenue and increase productivity. 
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Brainbow is a London-based startup founded by entrepreneurs from Google, Amazon, Playfish / EA and academia with a mission to reinvent Education through mobile, games and sciences.With funding from tier-1 European and US investors, we provide a unique environment to work with great engineers, designers and neuroscientists.
Tile is one of the most successful crowd-funded campaigns in history and is building the world’s largest lost and found. Tile uses a "sharing economy" model to help people simplify their lives and save time by being able to know the location of their most valuable things at any time. Currently available in 32 countries, Tile continues to bring best-in-class performance in lost and found technology to its growing community of users. Tile is based in San Mateo, California, and we’re looking for more superstars to join our fast growing and venture backed team. You can learn more at #URL_6cfb2b10493b708c723bdd5df9fea83934769d593ea2e2916cc7dc1cd8c6db88#.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
Repucom is the world leader in sports and sponsorship consultancy, research and evaluation. We have been pioneers in our field for over 25 years, growing to 20+ international offices across the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa, with a base of leading clients across the global sports industry.
Essence London is a members lifestyle club – offering bespoke concierge service and proactive assistance to a select few.We are tireless, we are well-connected, we are dedicated, we are, in fact, the mirror image of our clients - and we are the only concierge service today that can truly offer its members that elusive frictionless life. We take immense pride in extending membership to only a select few – ensuring we come to know our members not just by name but by their distinct personality as well as their preferences and tastes.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Ryanair is Europe’s favourite low fares airline, operating more than 1,600 daily flights (over 500,000 per year) from 69 bases, across 1,600 low fare routes, connecting 186 destinations in 30 countries and operating a fleet of 300 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Ryanair has recently announced firm orders for a further 180 new Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered between 2014 and 2018. Ryanair currently has a team of more than 9,500 highly skilled professionals, will carry 86 million customers this year and has an outstanding 30-year safety record.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Tradable's award winning platform helps brokers solve the needs of their most demanding clients. Born open, our APIs allow third-party developers to build and deploy all types of awesome trading applications which sit seamlessly within the Tradable platform. Traders can discover and install new trading apps from the Tradable appstore with the click of a button to fully customize their trading experience. The result is a constantly evolving platform where traders and brokers alike benefit from all the great and innovative features being developed by the Tradable developer community.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Populist Cleaning Co. is an independently owned, full-service commercial cleaning company.  Populist has been providing janitorial services to Southeast Michigan since 1980 and was founded on one simple idea: offer our customers the best possible service, quality, and value.As a growing company, we are looking for exceptional people who share our love for the customers we serve and the work we do!When you work for Populist, you’ll enjoy flexible hours, a friendly atmosphere, and competitive pay.  You’ll also be a part of a team that is committed to supporting your career goals.  All necessary training will be provided.The ideal candidate is dedicated to providing outstanding customer service every day.
Piece &amp; Co. sources custom, artisan-made products and accessories for some of the world's top fashion and retail brands. It is committed to ending global poverty by providing sustainable employment opportunities to female artisans in the developing world. Since launching in 2011, Piece &amp; Co. has created thousands of jobs for at-risk women by connecting them to a global marketplace of conscious consumers. We have sourced products for major brands including Rachel Roy, J. Crew, Alice + Olivia, Toms Shoes, Crate &amp; Barrel, Ann Inc., and more. 
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
we are a digital creative studio focused on UX &amp; UI Design.we build delightful websites and applications with WordPress and Ruby On Rails.CareersWe are looking for people to join our team of passionate designers and talented engineers. We are based in Milan (Italy), in Talent Garden “Passion Working Space”.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We’ve bitten off one of the greatest online challenges – using social data to improve customer experience – and turned it into a few apps that start driving revenue right out of the box.If you’re determined like that, we should talk.We want developers who like turning thorny technical puzzles into startlingly simple solutions.And we want salespeople who wake up in the morning with a drive to improve websites’ results.Intent HQ’s audience intelligence technology is in high demand, and we’re constantly extending the capabilities (again, increasing demand). So we need smart people more or less constantly.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Taxibeat is changing the global taxi industry. It's an easy to use, convenient and contemporary way to hail and book a taxi using a smartphone. It uses the mobile technology to connect directly taxi drivers and passengers in the same way that Google AdWords connects advertisers and Internet users: taxi drivers advertise their location and availability to nearby passengers who are searching for a taxi using their Taxibeat mobile app. It consists of two mobile applications, one for taxi drivers and one for passengers. While drivers use the application to declare their position and availability, passengers use the Taxibeat app to virtually "see" all nearby available taxi drivers, in a range of about 2 kms. They see every possible information about each driver (distance, car model, customers' rating, services provided, etc) and select which driver to hail with a touch on the screen. Taxibeat launched with great success at May 2011 in Athens Greece, and now expands in a number of countries like Brazil, France, Romania and Norway. Want to join the global transportation revolution?
Sparkol is a growing software company based outside of Bristol, UK.We specialise in making unique tools that help people get their message across without any design or technical know-how. The Sparkol team comprises talented developers, designers, writers, musicians and support staff.Our main product, VideoScribe, enables our users to create engaging whiteboard-style animations quickly and easily. It's used by thousands of business people, marketers, illustrators, video professionals, teachers and students, as well as regular folk with stories to tell.VideoScribe is available for desktop as well as iPad and Android apps.
Welcome to interface rehabinterface rehab provides comprehensive rehabilitation (Physical, Occupational &amp; Speech Therapy) &amp; consultation services on a long term contractual basis to the various medical settings throughout Southern California.
In OPUS Integrated Communication we plan, organize and implement the strategic communication and marketing for companies and institutions of premium products &amp; services.At the same time, we organize and realize major and unconventional productions and we treat each one as a unique event, a whole experience that should satisfy even the most demanding audience.Our Aim is:To promote and communicate companies &amp; institutions with the most efficient meansTo create the most qualitative and unconventional event productions
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Being into the IT domain for over 4 years, Walkover specializes in web based application development and mobile application development. It has been creating innovative products since it was founded and continues to introduce new products from time to time.Technologies we useCore PHP, Python, #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659#, Android, Windows, open source software and powerful AWS servers. Walkover uses the best available technology - premium version of databases and so on, so that our products work smoothly.Key ProductsMSG91 (SMS solutions provider)MSG91 is an internet based service that allows you to send SMS and critical alerts to the masses.Product info:#URL_dec6f6c8d9574a0bc1a076d97338f24cd6025226211457c53c3687296348c0f4#UtterU (International calling)UtterU enables international calling by using mobile dialers, access numbers and other ways like two-way calling.  It helps you connect all over the world at very low cost.Product info: #URL_c7cee061daffb40439ee81a61a60ff7f68ca42dd3fd22258a611ff29d71dbae5#Giddh (Accounting software)Giddh is an extremely simple to use Accounting software that manages your day to day financial transactions in a systematic way so that it enhances the efficiency of your business.Product info: #URL_50c92cae3ee0f3f612d663ce1c86fd894e4c1a6247b98a273f0c828e13c68de2#Saveandsearch (Save your documents now to search them later)A web based tool which enables you to save anything and search later.Product info: #URL_cbcbf9e91b0d65022dfffc9fcab1f6005b8f6f42b967c08f21d13332ff197003#
Creators of innovative software products for financial industry. We believe that simplicity and great user experience can open up the financial world to more people than ever before and can create great opportunities for success.As the largest and most capable #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659# development team in Athens, we specialize in production of high performance scalable cloud applications, using only the latest technologies.BDSwiss Labs offers diverse, challenging and exciting working environment, where everyone can contribute to interesting projects by their best abilities having plenty of space for skill development and learning. Enjoy dynamic workflow while constantly learning and experimenting. Join us and build the future!
Capoo provide talent consultancy for fast growth digital &amp; tech companies. We are passionate about changing the way in which digital &amp; tech companies approach their talent engagement process. We provide bespoke services, focused on quality and speed, tailored specifically to your needs.
Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig is a consulting firm specializing in transportation and environmental planning, traffic engineering, transportation system design, and environmental services. Our philosophy is to provide creative, effective, and sustainable solutions that connect and enhance your communities. We are able to serve our clients’ diverse needs at the federal, state, regional, and local levels by applying a multidisciplinary and collaborative approach. Our strength comes from Principals with significant technical and management experience who stay actively involved in projects to assure the highest level of client satisfaction.In 1984, Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig began with three employees. Since then, we’ve grown to a firm with more than 100 employees located in Centennial and Colorado Springs, Colorado and in Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska. We’re dynamic, collaborative professionals who sustain a culture of high-caliber work, collaboration, community engagement, and healthy doses of fun. We believe our success is nurtured by a team that enjoys their work as well their workplace. Our staff donates time and funds to Habitat for Humanity and many other charities with individual champions. The FHUn committee plans multiple events that keep energy (and bragging rights) high and helps us remain a tight-knit team.Our success comes from our people.  If our mission is a good match with your career goals,  we welcome you to apply.
Parrot Analytics is a technology company that is working with TV content sellers and buyers to help them make more data-driven decisions to increase content-related ROI. The company has developed a unique technology platform that allows them to capture and analyze global TV content demand and consumption over the Internet in real time. This vast amount of global empirical data, combined with a data science layer, allows the company to provide unprecedented insights into geographic-specific content demand and predict, with high accuracy, future global performance for upcoming content.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
SocialWellth is a Las Vegas, Nevada based social engagement company focusing on leveraging consumer profile data, localized community resources, emerging media tools and gamification to create trusted connections between consumers and their healthcare #URL_a94316f384f48fd4e8d466974cd950a7694ce1fb7b1c2391dc1aa64328f340b5# on the strengths and experiences of the Nevada Gaming Industry, who has learned the power of harnessing consumer profile data into captivating relationships, SocialWellth, is poised to launch the country’s first profile driven hyper-personalized Consumer Health Connection Network.  This network will leverage social and health data, localized community resources, social media tools and gamification to create a trusted connection between consumers and their healthcare sponsors. Our platform strategies and solutions will create a centralized hub enabling partners to integrate and aggregate disparate online and offline solutions into a compelling, magnetic experience, which will in turn lead to sustainable achievements in day-to-day balanced living.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
Viva Online Services is the leading Greek online services website providing online services in various sectors like Travel, Ticketing, Telecoms, Insurance, sport events, cultural events, etc.Viva Payments is a Payment Institution operating under official license by the Bank of Greece. The company offers innovative payment services to businesses and professionals, combining maximum security with flexibility and support. Founded in 2006 and 2010 respectively, by parent company Realize S.A. are constantly looking for fresh talent to add to their human resources. Currently planning our international expansion, Viva Online Services and Viva Payments are the ideal places for anyone to kickstart their career or take it to the next level, and grow with us.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
HireHopes is the premier professional services consulting firm that specializes in strategic job search, career advisement services, and professional coaching with an emphasis in technology sectors.
Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of over 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from computer programming to photography and gaming. Our primary Q&amp;A site is Stack Overflow, the world's largest online community of computer programmers. Stack Overﬂow hosts a hiring platform; Stack Overflow Careers which helps users connect with top employers all around the world to ﬁnd new programming opportunities.Why work here?Simple, we’re a group of people who are trying to make the internet a better place. We are building an incredible team and we work hard to make sure every new hire is the best fit possible.You should work in the best environment, with the smartest people, doing challenging and different things everyday. You'll be happiest if you receive stock options, free lunches, and top-notch benefits, so we'll give you those things too. In fact, we'll give you whatever you need to get your job done.
An independent mid-size agency, RPR possesses a firm understanding of the marketplace in New York and across the United States, Europe and the Middle East. Our personal relationships with editors, writers and producers in leading media outlets around the world are one reason RPR is able to secure in-depth, feature coverage in some of the most well-read publications and on respected television news programs.A unique advantage of RPR is our organizational structure. A team of senior publicists brings specialized industry knowledge and extensive media relationships to every account. Guided by a multi-disciplined and proactive approach, RPR consistently delivers maximum exposure for our clients and their companies.Our practice areas are staffed by senior industry professionals in the following sectors: real estate, business-to-business, financial services, technology, security, hospitality and lifestyle, luxury and consumer brands and products, cleantech, entertainment, healthcare and non-profit organizations.RPR’s staff is comprised of senior-level communications professionals with specific expertise that aligns with our practice areas. Our staff members frequently call upon colleagues with other areas of focus to supplement our overall efforts on behalf of our clients and provide a comprehensive service platform.
carwow is a comparison site that takes the uncertainty and hassle out of buying a new car. We’re passionate about getting people the best car buying experience, from research all the way through to purchase.A young, driven, energetic startup based in central London, carwow are backed by Europe’s leading VC’s including:Balderton Capital (Betfair, Bebo, Bookatable, Yoox)Episode 1 (Zoopla, LOVEFiLM, Shazam)Samos (Betfair, Kabbee, Ocado, BoF)We’ve raised over £1.3M in funding in the last year, with more on the way, so we’re growing fast!We believe buying a new car should be enjoyable. Through carwow consumers can quickly compare upfront offers from our trusted dealer network and buy directly without any hassle or haggling.If you want to help us change the future of car buying, get in touch - you definitely don’t need to be a petrolhead! It’s the chance to be at the start of something huge.
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
A Squared Advisers is a Chartered Accountancy Practice based in Lake Macquarie providing timely and personalised service to small to medium businesses. We have a strong focus on the medical industry and property industry.A Squared Advisers are a fully cloud based practice using the best of the available technology to help our clients. We also have competitive fees which are agreed upfront with our clients, most who pay monthly. This makes our clients happy and allows us to focus on meeting their needs and adding value to their business.We're not a firm who just prepares end of year accounts and tax returns. We have a strong desire to help all our clients do better.Our employees have flexible working arrangements, and part time (four day per week) positions are preferred. Working harder is not working smarter.
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
At Atlas Lift Tech, safety always comes first!  We are a fast growing company with an innovative vision of making Safe Patient Handling and Mobility (SPHM) programs available to hospitals systems nationwide. ATLAS is the first company offering safe patient handling and care staff training programs that protect healthcare workers and patients from the dangers of manual patient handling. Our unique team brings together bedside training, education, and program management to empower care givers to reduce workplace injuries, improve patient care, and create a culture of safety.
MRSI is a nonprofit organization established in 1977 by a group of parents and professionals as a local alternative to the institutionalization of people with intellectual or emotional disabilities. We provide an array of services from group homes, respite care, affordable housing, homemaker/personal care services, vocational, recreational, and social activities.
Namely is the leading end-to-end HR and payroll platform for growing companies. Offerings include human payroll, benefits administration, time management, human capital management, performance management, and employee engagement. In addition, each company is assigned its own account manager, available 24/7 for ongoing support and training for each of Namely’s features. Namely is used by some of the world’s most innovative and exciting companies from many industries, including media, technology, commerce, and professional services.
Founded in 1997, The Missing Link is a premium provider of information technology solutions across applications, infrastructure, virtualisation, security, storage, telecommunications and cloud services. We draw on a range of premium partnership relationships with the most respected brands in information technology. Some of our tier-one partners include IBM, Lenovo, Microsoft, NetApp, Cisco, VMware, Citrix, Telstra, Dell and HP. The Missing Link has grown year-on-year from modest beginnings to be recognised as one of Australia’s most-awarded IT solutions providers. There’s no secret to our success: we’re passionate about responding rapidly to our client’s needs, working collaboratively on solutions, delivering on time and on-budget, and over-delivering on service expectations. Why The Missing Link ?We offer an exceptional working environment and cultureFunky converted warehouse layoutFree breakfast and soft drinksFree indoor gymRegular social eventsMonthly bonus incentives
We Help Create Communities that Withstand the Test of TimeThe Kuester Companies professional management division specializes in the management of communities throughout the Carolinas. From new construction to established communities, our veteran team of professionals oversee the maintenance and operation of associations that range in size from 20 to 3,000 homeowners.We represent and work closely with association members to protect property values, and uphold the quality of their community. Our regional offices and our well-trained on-site staff ensure that issues are resolved quickly so that homeowners can enjoy the benefits of their community throughout the year.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Kin is a hosted HR management app used by small companies to manage employee data and files, time-off, and new hire onboarding. Our mission is to make HR managers more efficient, and to delight employees with a fresh, simple interface to their workplace.
Cookisto is a trusted community marketplace connecting talented home cooks with hungry locals. What started as a Master’s Thesis has developed into a fast growing community of foodies. Enjoying thousands of home-cooked meals each month, the Cookistas know that good food is for sharing. We aim to be the biggest peer-to-peer marketplace for food; offering healthy, personalized homemade meals to the world.Intrigued? Check out our current job openings.  
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Internet Engine is a dynamic and diverse Internet marketing company specializing in Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), rapid website deployment and lead generation for Real Estate professionals. We have developed a successful unified marketing strategy that generates targeted traffic to websites which provides hundreds of leads each week in several lucrative Real Estate markets.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Collabera is a fast growing, end-to-end information technology services and solutions provider working with leading Global 2000 organizations from the Banking &amp; Financial Services, Telecommunications &amp; Media, Technology, Energy &amp; Utilities and Manufacturing &amp; Retail domains. Collabera delivers highly responsive and innovative solutions that help clients align their IT strategy with business goals to address the most important IT needs through a combination of consulting solutions, proprietary methodologies, assets based services and a Collaborative Engagement Model.Collabera employs over 8000 professionals across more than 25 offices and 4 world-class delivery centers in the U.S., UK, India, Singapore and Philippines. We deliver a full portfolio of services that include Consulting, Application Development &amp; Management, Independent Testing Services, Enterprise Software Solutions, Product Engineering Services, Business Intelligence &amp; Data Warehousing, Mobile and Wireless, Infrastructure Management as well as Professional Services.
Teachers R’ Us is a child care placement agency. We staff qualified candidates in various Early Childcare settings throughout the South Eastern United States. We specialize in placing childcare professionals in long term, short-term, and permanent placements.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
HeaderLabs is one of the quickest increasing Technical organizations in Delhi-NCR area We create SAAS and Cellular items that are used by a large number of customers. We only do top-notch, top great quality perform. If you are looking for new difficulties, then you should definitely examine us out. Age, Certification, Encounter, no bar. If you have the interest to be the best, and if you like to regularly get over new difficulties, then you are entitled to a chair in our office! We are extremely pleased to be one of the best Technical groups in Delhi-NCR area. Our pay-package is one of the best in the market. But do not implement if you are looking for only cash. We are looking for individuals who like to have fun at perform. Those who really like to innovate and who flourish in fast-paced perform lifestyle are the ones who are fit for HeaderLabs.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
StepBeyond Solutions Inc. Talent Acquisition &amp; Search Consulting The StepBeyond talent acquisition system includes a network of experts in their fields. StepBeyond utilizes the latest technology in marketing system management. 
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Founded By Entrepreneurs, For Entrepreneurs Catapult Chicago is the unique, digital start-up community located in the heart of Chicago’s River North neighborhood. Founded by entrepreneurs for entrepreneurs, Catapult Chicago is the only non-profit, 501(c)6, working space for Chicago start-ups that have demonstrated business traction. It is our mission to help grow the next generation of technology startups in Chicago. Catapult Chicago Adheres to 3 Core Values PASSIONThe success of our residents drives every decision at Catapult PEER SELECTIONGroup selection of the most talented, ambitious, and collaborative teams – those with business traction MARKET IMPACTSetting new examples of engagement with the business community
Hi!We are Monterail. A team of Ruby developers and designers who build meaningful software every day. We are looking for savvy people to join our team and help us build a better web.Learn more: #URL_074ed509d4e2d0cd70102126310076f09d8d71232d9d760bb7de93f50b88d7f6#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
We are on a mission: Making cities smarter.Cities are complex. And your smartphone should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.How do we contribute? We are reinventing the best public transport app. (#1 Winner of the Mobile Tech Award)We're based in Berlin. Close to Hackescher Markt. We have a rooftop terrace &amp; a plunge pool. We love it.We are hiring now!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
i28 Technologies has demonstrated expertise in areas strategic to different business in varying verticals. I28 Technologies provides highly skilled Technology Consultants to meet the IT needs of our clients. The functional expertise gleaned from the experience of working for Fortune 500 companies has enabled the team @ I28 Technologies to provide professional service in the areas of Human Resource Consulting, IT consulting, Financial consulting, Business process consulting and Outsourcing. The company's core capabilities in IT consulting are in ERP, Datawarehouse (ETL), Web Technologies, BI Reporting &amp; Database services wherein we concentrate in SAP, OBIEE, Bigdata, Java, Sharepoint and Oracle.I28 Technologies has been incorporated by Top Professionals; therefore we have firsthand experience of the market. We have Global presence in four countries across the globe - USA, Canada, Malaysia and India. Our Client list includes BlueStar, Allianz Life Insurance, TCS etc. I28 Technologies facilitates online/classroom training on various modules of ERP, Datawarehouse (ETL), Web Technologies, BI Reporting &amp; Database. Courses Offered for entry level positions:•             Data Warehousing – ETL and Reporting Tools (Informatica PowerCenter 7.1/6.2/6.1/5.1, Business Objects, Cognos, Data modeling, Erwin, Sybase)•             SAP HANA/ BO/ BODS/ CRM•             JAVA Hadoop/ .NET/ Sharepoint/ Bigdata•             Teradata/ Oracle/ Spotfire/ OBIEE/ Biztalk and many more as per request…  Why you should join I28 Technologies??We have an unbeatable success rate of 100% placement throughout USA &amp; Canada making us proficient in giving our employees the best salaries.We keep full transparency with the employees and believe in high commitment levels as it is the key to have a long-term fruitful relationship.Our competence with SAP, OBIEE, Java and .NET has helped our clients to streamline their business processes and customize their modules to suit their business environment enabling us to upgrade the skills of our employees and broaden their horizons with the latest technology by facilitating online/classroom cross functional training.We also execute On-project support systems when the skills of employees are upgraded and new projects streamlined for them.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Replise was started in 2008, just a year after Twitter was launched, by a bunch of serial entrepreneurs who believed they could bridge the gap between technology and business. We focus on what we are best at: analysing social media and giving insights; so our customers can focus on what they are best at: their core business. The expertise of our research team, the flexibility of our social analytics platform and the breadth and depth of our data empower our customers. They can develop better products because we help them understand the needs and wants of their target audiences. They can keep ahead of their competitors and keep up with their industry’s cutting edge because we help them see what’s in the big picture and what is not. This is why we work with brands like Nike, Samsung and Nestle, and many communication agencies across Europe.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
DNHOST, founded in 2000, is offering web hosting, domain names and e-commerce services in Greece. Since its foundation, the company always keep a high standard level of services which results in a stable customer base.The DNHOST team of about 10 people works in a very friendly environment and assure the best services to the client at all time.Getting the feeling? Feel free to send us your resume.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
We provide a fresh perspective to HR and career solutions. Building on solid expertise, international experience, and a strong portfolio of psychometric tools, we provide our customers with effective human resources and career management solutions. Our services include: Integrated recruitment and selection solutions, Assessment Centres, CV writing services, Interview preparation, Career planning.Please visit our website for more information.
StayClassy is a fast-growing San Diego-based startup that develops an online fundraising product used by thousands of Nonprofit organizations around the world. The company was founded in 2006 by a couple of friends who were looking to fundraise for charity, but didn't know how to get started. They envisioned a platform that made it easy for Nonprofits to turn their supporters into fundraisers; and so, they set off to build one. After years of testing their concept with dozens of Nonprofits, their initial idea has evolved into what is now an industry-leading online fundraising solution for Charities, Foundations, Churches, Schools, Clubs and more. Recently, the founders were selected by Bloomberg Businessweek as one of the top 5 most promising social entrepreneurs in America. The company is also the host of the Classy Awards, the largest philanthropic awards show in the Country.
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Offerial is a hospitality technology startup helping hotels improve sales, marketing, customer satisfaction and loyalty through personalization.Our product enables hotels to convert more hotel website visitors in to bookings, and avoid paying large commissions to #URL_f7c3db02a9e96f06ba0d3ee82ae77828e0071e332d7de8dcdf23c68f8bb689d0#, Expedia and other similar, who until now generate most hotel bookings in the world.For more information about the company, please visit our website: #URL_b52a2c4345129decacb3d678d3df65b7f2ccf7260a41a0f6abf730bf22a4f334#Why work at OfferialA startup company is different than a big company. Startups are teams of excellent people that develop products to solve a need or a pain of thousands or millions of customers with repeatable &amp; scalable business models. Most of the product features a startup team develops will get thrown away very quickly and replaced by newer, better ones, others will be modified, and maybe the entire startup will pivot to an entirely new direction at some point in its life cycle.Team members in a startup like Offerial must understand that there are no role limitations &amp; no concrete job descriptions as one might expect to find in large(r) companies. Team members may start doing a certain job when they join the team and may end up 6 months later doing something completely different and this is perfectly normal. Actually, we love it when this happens!We love people who have a short learning curve that have the habit of learning new things (even things that may seem of no importance), people who are open to new ideas as well as lean &amp; agile.We deeply appreciate people who are able to let go and not get attached on things they worked really hard to achieve, if the new one is better, and in general people constantly excited by change, new challenges and the "impossible situations" where for the first few hours/weeks there doesn't be to be a solution to a problem!We do not judge people's abilities based on university degrees or fancy titles. We only care about each person's satisfaction &amp; ability to deliver and to strive at what we do.
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
We're a Pune based company which specializes in creating apps that you will fall in love with.We're working with some dangerously creative companies both in India and the US, and are on our way to redefine the way mobile apps are made in India.Our clients include Metallica, Phish, NH7, BookMyShow and a whole lot more who're just waiting to get started. It's the most exciting time to be here in India, we're faster, smarter and are out to change what the rest of the world thinks about us. And we're doing our bit to break the status quo.You would be expected to work in small teams, own your projects, and write beautiful code.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
About Book‘n’Bloom● Book’n’Bloom is a smart business tool for micro-small businesses allowing them to operateSocial &amp; Mobile. We make a Facebook app that provides shop owners with all tools they need to manage their business - Customer catalogue, Booking calendar, List of services &amp; products, SMS &amp; App notifications and much more - and their clients (consumers) get a FREE mobile app to make bookings, get notifications as well as offers and other information from the shop.● We are already a 3 year-old company funded for our growth and expansion and we plan to launch Book’n’Bloom in 10 new cities over the next 12 months.● Book‘n’Bloom is about helping millions of small and great local businesses transit from pen &amp; paper to how business is done in 2014 and give them the tools they need to meet consumers’ expectations - all neatly wrapped in one Facebook application and a FREE mobile app.● Join us and let us help millions of small local business owners grow and stay competitive or letaspiring business owners see how fast and easy it is to get started.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
United Labor Group, LLC is the premier industrial staffing company. ULG works closely with clients to provide the best possible solutions for effective labor management and implementation of a variable workforce.  ULG prides itself in providing the proper safety training of its employees and offers the same training to its clients.Professional, timely, cost-effective services are delivered to all clients, on every job, nationwide and internationally.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We experiment with new digital products, retail experiences and business models at M&amp;S.comWe experiment with ways to make shopping really easy for our customers: we want our customers to browse, discover, and buy in ways that suit them.We experiment with new business models: we question the needs and wants of our customers and reimagine how to fulfil them from the ground up.Our team have mostly come from well known European startups and we love working with innovators who want to make a difference!Our business is changing. We have over 22 million customers. By investing heavily in technology, in the last year alone our online sales have gone up 16.6% and sales via mobile have rocketed over 200% following the launch of our dedicated mobile apps. But we don’t want to just transform our own business; we want to revolutionise retail. Which is where you come in.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Come on in.Welcome to August Smart Lock.The August Smart Lock is the secure, simple, and social way to manage your home’s lock. Now you can control who can enter and who can’t—without the need for keys or codes. And you can do it all from your smartphone or computer.August builds products that make life simpler by allowing physical environments to respond seamlessly to people’s behavior. We believe in building quality experiences for our customers through elegance and simplicity. We have a lot planned for the future, and are looking to build a team eager to join the ride. Who we are looking forAugust values multi-skilled engineers who are just as passionate about crafting secure, yet beautiful experiences for our customers as we are. We expect our software developers to be comfortable working in multiple programming languages and to be enthusiastic about learning new things. We do have high standards. Our product aesthetic extends to our code. We expect our hardware engineers to be obsessive about things like power consumption and reliability. If you look at everyday objects and believe they can be made more intelligently, we are looking for you.Things we are buildingA peerless security infrastructureiOS, Android and other mobile applicationsA compelling and intuitive web dashboardSensor-laden hardware devicesRobust customer intelligence toolsAn ecommerce system
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Based in Tokyo, we are an international team of engineers and consultants who are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of web technologies.Tech Consulting &amp; Application SupportWhether it’s gaming or commercial applications, Wizcorp has years of experience working with a wide range of web and mobile technologies. From scaling #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659# to scaling databases and database management, from backend analytics to frontend animation, Wizcorp is one of the leading professional names in mobile, web, and platform engineering.Game Development &amp; Support ManagementWizcorp works with global publishers and IPs to produce high quality games with dynamic content support and scalable backend. Struggling with your game production? We’ve been there before. We can provide you with the management oversight you need pre-launch, or the after-launch technical support as your application grows.Mobile &amp; Desktop Application DevelopmentWe don’t just stop at games! We have become prominent leaders in hybrid, native iOS and native Android platform and application development. Having fundamental core knowledge in building great applications for the web means all of our mobile web applications can run on the desktop browser too!
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
HTS Ag has been working with producers to prove the profitability of precision technology since 1995. HTS Ag’s goal is to partner with producers to implement the latest technology to improve efficiency, reduce cost, improve yields, increase margins and improve environmental impact. Utilizing the latest technology HTS Ag can create a complete, customized solution for any size farming operation. As a trusted advisor they help customers maximize their return on investment in technology. HTS Ag also emphasizes the importance of processing the vast amount of data available to growers and transforms that data into valuable information they can use to make sound agronomic and business decisions. Check out HTS Ag at #URL_1bf6049239fc129c019b605b46a48b171e63c4151f283380f7fcb7fa1f512d58#.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
The best word to describe PCP’s culture is PRIDE. Pride in our company. Pride in our job. And pride in our relationships.That pride contributes to the fact that employees at PCP are happy and like working for PCP. Furthermore, PCP’s employees are our number-one asset.If you are an exceptional, motivated individual with a desire for an opportunity to grow, be challenged, and make a difference, we invite you to take a close look at what PCP has to offer. We also invite you to share with PCP what you have to offer.Interested in any of our current job openings? Please be sure to fill out an application by clicking the job title.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
AVEX Funding is a mortgage bank and direct lender based in Silicon Valley, California with three generations of experience in the mortgage lending industry.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded in 1999, PowerChord is a leader in Digital Brand Management, specializing in the development of online channel management software that allows organizations to manage their brand and retail sales through an independent sales channel. The PowerChord Dealer Network System provides the independent dealer with a world class online retail presence; the objective is to drive business to the dealer’s web presence and ensure every dealer represents the client’s brand and products accurately, attractively and effectively.  As the success of our system grows we desire to retain our “small company” feel, valuing our employees, their families and our clients. We reward innovation, hard work and unconventional thought. We’re a fast-paced, energetic group that strives to get the job done right. Our collaborative efforts and progressive thinking have landed us on Tampa Bay’s Fast 50 list in 2010 and again in 2012. If our expectations meet yours come join our team.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Save-In is a mobile startup, that aims to revolutionize the mobile couponing business via a unique value proposition towards the brands, the retailers and most importantly the consumers. Anybody interested in working with us should be ready to challenge the status quo, assume risks and take full responsibility of projects.The company has already established operations in Greece and is fast recruiting to drive international expansion.
HappyFox is a young startup that is all about bringing the happiness quotient in support teams. We help companies transform their customer support teams from good to great. Our offering includes a help desk ticketing system, self-center support center, knowledge base, forum and social media support management. For more info, check out: #URL_7fe95ca462a848b79ff7744e7d9d59c2b6814caf76ccea2db2eb1cec5090c67f#
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Here at Mansfield Property Maintenance we are experienced in providing reactive day to day building maintenance, planned preventative and cyclical maintenance, measured term maintenance and emergency out of hours services. Our aim is to maintain an enviable first time fix rate to minimise any disruption that may be caused and we achieve this by working closely with our clients as part of our commitment towards mutually agreed objectives.Accountability is key to our success and a full range of management reporting and audit facilities help not only us, but our clients effectively manage their maintenance requirements. Our pricing structure is fair, accountable and transparent – Mansfield is a company which has built its reputation on its honesty and integrity and it is our commitment to customer satisfaction at every level which continues this reputation.KPI statistics form a large part of our reporting procedures and we are committed to understanding our clients and developing our services to meet their needs not only in terms of maintenance services but also their administrative procedures. Every job is carefully tracked and audited to help us continually improve the levels of service to all of our clients.As a natural progression from reactive and planned maintenance we also carry out quoted minor works and refurbishments, and can also handle larger project work for our clients.The advantages of using us for this type of work as well as your maintenance is that we directly employ a wide variety of trades so that all of the work could be carried out and coordinated by one contractor and not several, and you would be employing someone you already have a rapport and trusted relationship with.Mansfield Property Maintenance have a proven track record of successfully completing refurbishment works, both within the Public and Private Sector. Many of these projects stem from repeat business from existing customers, who would be happy to attest to our capabilities.We are familiar with the need to manage a project from inception to completion whilst minimising costs and exceeding expectations.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
#URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163# is a cloud infrastructure services provider and is the maker of IronMQ, an industrial-strength message queue, and IronWorker, a highly scalable task processing/worker platform. #URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163#'s products are designed for building distributed cloud applications quickly and operating at scale. They are available on public clouds and can be deployed in private clouds and on-premises. - See more at: #URL_b8c3f2576b28056d29d512160f0ec01d7cd4c52a83b92b082ebf038447ef3adf###URL_488e10ae5474562a86abe0250c2001127ac41ebc0aa5d31e94298f51ea020d05#
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Heath Appointments is a network of experienced, top performing recruitment directors. We offer a comprehensive support service and network which allows recruitment professionals to have the flexibility of being self employed without being burdened with the time consuming activities that most sales focused recruiters dislike or avoid.
Maguru helps small businesses get more customers though efficient and fair priced managed online marketing.To do this we use technology and marketing techniques previously only available for big companies with deep pockets.By aligning our customers goals with our goals we deliver an honest and transparent online marketing solution that our customers trust and love.See all jobs at: #URL_48fdbaa419bcc74c77527f23b3f771d053491adc21103e85da659b5578ffb329# Maguru ApSIndiakaj 122100 Copenhagen OEDenmark
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Even &amp; Odd Minds is a talent-driven consulting firm providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic outsourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for engagements in select Information Technology and Engineering disciplines. Founded in 2011, Even &amp; Odd Minds combines international reach with local depth, serving our clients all over North America.  
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
We're hiring!AvenueStory is a concept driven by people, a team that thrives by delivering results, making people happy and achieving targets. We always need talented individuals to help us grow, develop and improve our service. If this sounds a bit like you, we invite you to be part of our international and dynamic team.Avenue Story offers chic apartment accommodation in Paris and London for leisure and business short term stays - a redefined travel experience, enabling guests to stay in unique surroundings and explore each city like a local. Our offer also include personalized local concierge service, helping each guest plan all stages of their trip. See what we do here.        
Priority Care Group are a family run care group with 6 Care Homes in Scotland.Working with us as part of our growing team is a rewarding experience with excellent opportunities for career advancement through training.There are many benefits of working with Priority Care Group. These include:Priority Rewards SchemeAdditional Annual Leave incentivesHighly Competitive Rates of PayExcellent Vocational TrainingWork for a Growing, Family Run Care GroupCareer Progression through Internal PromotionIf you are a contientious, caring person with a passion for providing the highest levels of service and care we would love to hear from you.Please browse our current job vacancies on your right to find the right job for you now.Thanks
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
THE COMPANY: FlashFunders (#URL_e3b6d99b3442da190b75a52397dfcbed486fa7a5ea8b8fd653d8ad070d0d6065#) FlashFunders is an online equity-funding platform that empowers entrepreneurs with the tools and resources they need to raise capital from family, friends and angel investors in exchange for equity in an efficient, cost effective and compliant manner. With the backing of great partners we are assembling a world-class team to tackle the future of capital formation. HOW IT WORKS: FlashFunders provides startups with free template investment documents and a platform to publicly market their offerings to receive investments from accredited investors (which FlashFunders' verifies). Flashfunders also provides assistance with all closing procedures once a startup is funded (such as issuing shares, filing forms, etc.). The best part about FlashFunders is there's no cost for a startup to create and market an offering — FlashFunders’ business model is predicated on receiving the right to invest at the same terms as all other investors. Highlights…FlashFunders is currently the only FINRA registered Broker-Dealer that is licensed to transact equity securities on the web.Backed by Europlay Capital Advisors (ECA), founded by Mark Dyne (original investor in Skype) and Stubbs Alderton &amp; Markiles, LLP (legal team for Beats, LinkedIn and Skype).We are live and already have a number of successful offerings: Swapt, Swggr, The Influential Network,iGovern.On a lighter note, we’re pretty good at PingPong (LAPingPong).
IntelliBright was created to leverage enterprise level online business practices to generate exclusive leads on behalf of our medium and small business clients across a wide variety of verticals. Our founder comes from a background where websites and online marketing programs utilize advanced analytics and conversion tactics to maximize revenue. Outside of these competitive industries, though, it’s rare to see the effective use of analytics and optimization that is the hallmark of a successful online marketing strategy.On a local level the use of these business practices is even rarer. Our team of highly skilled search engine optimization specialists is here to bring a system of measurable results (leads and sales) to boost your website’s success. To complement our organic website efforts we employ the most talented experts from their respective fields (SEO, SEM, Website and Graphic Design, Development, Analytics) to implement a digital marketing strategy designed to increase market share and deliver the highest level of performance in relation to revenue generation on behalf of our clients.What truly sets us apart is our consultative nature.  All businesses are not equal.  We work with our clients to improve their internal business processes to increase lead conversions.  Our clients truly love us.  Join us and you'll see why.
Entertainment everywhere.  Operating under the StarzPlay brand, Playco Ltd., delivers a premium video-on-demand service.  We believe that the home entertainment experience should be available for everyone everywhere. We bridge our cutting-edge technology with in-demand TV series, top quality movies, and a large range of children's programming to reinvent, redefine &amp; shape the viewing experience. Our site allows subscribing users to access premium entertainment content from across the globe. Gone are the days of waiting an entire season to watch your favorite series, as viewers will have access to in-demand, exclusive day-and-date premieres, along with a large selection of movies and box office releases.Playco is currently present in 2 continents with plans to become increasingly global. We encourage and support our employees who wish to relocate to other Playco offices, as we believe that international mobility strengthens and shapes the international culture of Playco.Learn more about us on LinkedIn Do you have what it takes to work with us?Self-startersCreative thinkersProblem-solvers (not problem-identifiers)Affinity for working in teams Sense of humor A MUST!A fine appreciation of TV and film (we might ask for a detailed list)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Cardback (#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#) is all set to change the way you use your credit, debit, prepaid and loyalty cards. Our mission is to enable you to choose the best card amongst the ones you hold, just before you're about to make a payment - be it for shopping, eating out, getting your car refuelled, paying your telephone or utility bills, shopping online, or anything else. The result is that you end up saving money every time you make a payment, either instantaneously or in the coming days and weeks.Cardback is currently available for Android as an app that shows you offers and rewards on your cards, without asking for any card numbers. It can be downloaded from here: go.#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#/1laIVgBOur founding team consists of Ivy league grads and people who've done hardcore technology stuff and led teams at the world's best companies. Plus, we're well funded with investments from some of India's most prolific and respected angel investors.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Pronto delivers breakfast, lunch and dinner to our customers in under 15 minutes. We are all about healthier, wholesome food. Stuff you can live off. We want our customers to be able to rely on Pronto, instead of their kitchen.Take a look at our site or apps and you will quickly get the idea:web: #URL_406fdb6cf1b1038efc9acb81538e7f5f04406a66516ee679bf344b284802bf66#iOS: #URL_cdcec40f1a88767bcdc082d45b036892505a7d74a04a98ea52ac624998fc8558#android: #URL_ddc22050c6528c6940d2d3d71e46c619ae9a84728d1adec921a250af8273029e#?id=#URL_c0a6ac4cc052decf984f5a9586bc6629ed5081854076c64a81868d5ac6ff51cd#&amp;hl=enfacebook: #URL_17191a6729d4b01d2b3df00ec2fdc74a567c1b02f0934e3aae93faac57c37942#twitter: #URL_bd4c786c2cf405a326863499f85ca7629c325a149d04cb42021aeb733999fa50#pinterest: #URL_018dc718f44e6a8cfc0e9b5afaf50e8d7b2faf75c6fd207035ca99dd28cc06ed#We aim to be serving tens of thousands of high quality, healthier meals on-demand in the centre of London every day. To do this we are looking for able delivery drivers that want an incredible challenge; that wants to help take Pronto from a small kitchen in Aldgate East to several kitchens across London in the coming 2-4 months.
JUICE Mobile is an award-winning mobile advertising and technology firm solely dedicated to growing and monetizing the mobile advertising market. JUICE Mobile is a privately held company that was founded in 2010 in response to the rapid growth and adoption of mobile devices. While other firms simply "add" mobile to their online ad offerings, JUICE Mobile creates connected solutions that encompass the best in technology and brands. JUICE Mobile is completely independent which allows us to provide solutions that best serve our client’s needs. JUICE Mobile launched Nectar™ in February 2013 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. As the world's first programmatic direct platform built specifically for mobile, Nectar offers both advertisers and publishers an alternative to present day mobile exchanges. Nectar’s vision is to combine the efficiency and scale of real-time buying (RTB) with the control and guarantee of direct buying. Through automation, Nectar reduces the forty step RFP process to five simple steps - completely changing the media buying landscape. Experts at JUICE Mobile possess over 15 years of digital, marketing, social and mobile experience. Notable achievements include winning the Most Promising Digital Media Company at the 2012 Digi Awards and Silver at the 2012 CMA Awards for the Global TV "Touch" phone skipping campaign.
With over 1,300 investment professionals located throughout the United States and Canada, Marcus &amp; Millichap (NYSE: MMI) is a  leading specialist in commercial real estate investment sales, financing, research and advisory services. Founded in 1971, the firm closed over 6,600  transactions in 2013 with a value of approximately $24 billion.Marcus &amp; Millichap has been a pioneer in the real estate investment industry and has established a reputation for maximizing value for its clients while fostering long-term relationships built on integrity, trust and service. The company has perfected a powerful system for marketing properties that combines investment specialization, local market expertise, the industry's most comprehensive research, state-of-the-art technology, and relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors. Marcus &amp; Millichap also offers clients access to the most competitive real estate financing through Marcus &amp; Millichap Capital Corporation (MMCC), which maintains relationships with the industry's leading national, regional and local lenders.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
About Us.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
MSPS is an award-winning Integrated Marketing and Sales Services Agency that consists of talented, fun and creative individuals.We bring brands and people together using strategic thinking, campaign planning and multi-discipline expertise.Our innovative ideas make brands meaningful to consumers and for this reason MSPS becomes a valuable "partner" to its clients.Simply put, we work everyday on creating the best next thing that could happen to our clients.
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
#URL_74b75fb23d13838a3ff8f0791ac10c0214373b0e1c19fba51b645299f1a93e4f#-#URL_ea402424f393dce30b3d3bde1a0e6ba5dbf6b8238cb12b90f17efde44530fde9#  is an Online Teaching Platform. Online teaching platforms are a great way for students and teachers to find one another. A third party website allows students to create a profile listing their educational needs, and teachers can create a profile with their teaching services. The website than makes it easy for teachers to connect with potential students, with ways to build an online profile with a strong reputation as well as advertisements for teachers to display their teaching. Teachers can spend less time on marketing their services, and more time teaching online. They can simply sign up and will be easily connected with students who need help learning a subject. The website will take care of the rest, from managing the services to helping the teachers connect with the students. One of the biggest barriers for teachers to teach online is not knowing how to get started. Many teachers would be willing to tutor or teach online if they did not have to invest a great deal of their time in getting started. That is why you can use #URL_74b75fb23d13838a3ff8f0791ac10c0214373b0e1c19fba51b645299f1a93e4f#-#URL_ea402424f393dce30b3d3bde1a0e6ba5dbf6b8238cb12b90f17efde44530fde9# and make your online experience easy.
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
About The Symicor Group:Bankers Recruiting Bankers - The Symicor Group is a boutique bank-only talent acquisition firm based in Chicago. Our nationally unique value proposition centers around providing the very best available banking talent to our valued clients...from a banker's perspective. In fact, most of our recruiters are former bankers themselves! We know banking and how to evaluate the very best banking talent available in the market. Whether you are a bank candidate seeking a new opportunity or a bank president trying to fill an essential position, The Symicor Group stands ready to deliver premium results for you. View all jobs at this company |  View company website
A Hotel Digital Marketing AgencyWe are a smart, connected and nimble new agency; a cutting-edge collective of hospitality pioneers, experienced consultants and digital marketing visionaries. Our unwavering goal is to increase your revenues quickly and substantially, through innovative digital marketing strategies, providing direct online channel strategic advice and unique website design. We help hoteliers take full advantage of the direct online channel and turn their websites into the hotel’s main and most-effective distribution channel. Hotel Gene provides hoteliers with expert advice, concrete recommendations, and sensible solutions to critical Internet-related issues that are crucial for the very existence of your hotel company.Hotel Gene is a boutique company driven by a group of passionate and dedicated professionals.Working with us is being part of team that aims to bring out the best of everyone for everyone with everyone.  Achieving your or your team’s goals should mean a hell of a fun time and happy people. We grow, learn and help each other as company to become the best of best and be recognized for that.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
Moxie Labs is a venture-backed startup making cloud-based recruitment software for fast-growing companies around the world. We're looking for people who want to change the way companies and people meet each other.Life at Moxie LabsAt Moxie Labs we are creating an environment that has all the excitement and intellectual stimulation of a startup, minus the fads and pretension. We don't work 80-hour weeks, but we do work in an efficient and disciplined manner. We don't have ninjas and rock stars, we have people who are outstanding at what they do. We don't think it's old fashioned to have a sensible business model and we enjoy working with smart people.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Since 1973: Working together to make our community healthyGood health means more than just treating people when they are sick. Problems like poverty, addiction, and family violence can bring on illness – or keep people from getting well. At Sandy Hill Community Health Centre, we treat illness when it arises. We also work hard to create a healthy community, so that people stay well and get the most out of life, and we believe in:integrity | respect | equity | collaboration | empathy-------------------------------------------------------------------------------By applying to the posting I hereby acknowledge that the information I provide will be collected by #URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02# under the terms of their privacy policy http://#URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02#/privacy . Candidates, when hired by SHCHC as employees will provide data in under a separate process and be subject to SHCHC's Privacy and Confidentiality policies and procedures.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Depuis 1973: Travailler ensemble pour une communauté en santéUne bonne santé signifie plus que de soigner les gens lorsqu'ils sont malades. Des problèmes comme la pauvreté, la dépendance, la violence familiale peuvent causer la maladie – ou empêcher les gens de se rétablir. Au Centre de santé communautaire Côte de sable, nous traitons la maladie lorsqu'elle se présente. En plus, nous travaillons fort pour créer une communauté bien portante, pour que les gens restent en bonne santé et profitent de la vie au maximum, et nous croyons dans:l'intégrité | le respect | l'équité | la collaboration| l'empathie-------------------------------------------------------------------------------En posant ma candidature pour cette offre d’emploi, je reconnais que les renseignements que je fournis seront recueillis par #URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02# et traités conformément à sa politique de confidentialité : http://#URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02#/privacy. Les candidats embauchés par le CSCCS fourniront d’autres renseignements qui seront traités en vertu d’un processus distinct et sujets aux politiques et aux marches à suivre du CSCCS en matière de confidentialité et de protection des renseignements personnels.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our name is not in this ad to prevent us from showing up in Google indexing under our company name, which would then let our existing and potential clients know how much commission we all make. What a disaster that would be. Wouldn't you agree? But once we give you our name and you check us out you will see that we are the real deal.
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
S2scout, is a Pittsburgh-based talent aquisition firm providing services to small, medium, and large organizations across several industries.S2scout is comprised of seasoned recruiters, A.K.A. “Scouts”, who are dedicated to helping clients AND candidates find the right talent or opportunity without wasting their time.Our dedication to providing clients AND candidates with fresh talent or unique opportunities is in the “S2scout” name. “S2” is the military term for intelligence. “Scout”, by definition, is a person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the target's position, strength and movementOur recruiters don’t sit and wait for candidates to come to them, our Scouts are in front of the search utilizing tactics that are…well…CLASSIFIED.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
RhodeCode provides the leading source code management solution for enterprises. We are powering the world`s largest organizations, who depend on our products to make their software development process more flexible, collaborative, productive &amp; secure.Every day millions of developers, project managers and QA engineers are using our innovative software which plays a central role in their work life.Our company core values are about questioning the existing, being open &amp; delivering just the absolutely outstanding.Everyone who is with us is an expert in his/her field of expertise, works in a small team of other gifted A-players and helps to achieve the team's mission. Everyone takes full responsibility for his/her work, is treated with respect and management is just there to remove blockers. No committees, no micromanagement, just the focus on delivering the outstanding.Help us to make the world better for millions of people. Have a real impact. Apply today!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
CallCentre People Recruitment is recognised as being specialists within the CallCentre industry.  We provide permanent, temporary, contract and management staff for a number of large national and multi-national businesses in various industries.
Our team is made of designers, physics wizards, educators, writers, musicians, and illustrators. We work together to build elegantly engineered iOS apps that incite wonder in curious kids over the globe.Small teams mean you get a real say in how we solve problems, with plenty of autonomy. We have an ambitious product line-up, but we also understand the importance of work-life balance. We offer a flexible office environment, competitive salaries, and monthly team outings. We also include health care benefits (medical, dental, vision) and vacation for full-time employees.If you love pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with mobile devices, spinning interactive stories, and collaborating on creative projects, you’ll fit right in.
Sytrics is a start-up venture of a group of consulting engineers advising leading race car teams from various universities &amp; institutes to enhance their knowledge regarding vehicle design, development &amp; project management through innovative solutions in a cost controlled efficient manner.We facilitate our expertise in the field of design related projects to leverage your potential. Our in-depth knowledge and experience in product life-cycle management helps you to optimize each aspect of product development to ensure you get maximum value.Sytrics has been at the forefront of Inspiring Innovations, since its inception in 2010.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
EatAds is a global platform business, like #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# or #URL_5b04abc806bc1d9e9b9491c41c8b2d7557455714849cfbdd9401b1094f5be684#, but instead for the global Out-of-Home media industry. We're based in Sinagpore and India and we're growing fast. The Founders are all experienced entrepreneurs, backed by some of the most experienced digital investors in India and Singapore. This $33b industry has been lacking a platform, and thus we help both buyers and sellers leverage the benefits of a platform for the first time. We're initially focussing on South Asia and South-East Asia although already have users from outside these regions.EatAds is similar to #URL_f012da9e26184dad52230f43da2d165067791f2b862a7742876a8d0d5a208119# (USA), #URL_3613edc46487e81246859966aee52388d9ea323d632a9cb699c3aa877db2cf9a# (Singapore) or #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# (India); both in model and technology. EatAds not only provides vendors a platform to list their sites, but also a raft of workflow solutions to manage their inventory, undertake mobile site monitoring and many more. All of these process have been occurring manually until now. For buyer we create a more efficient process to discover, plan, research, buy and sell Out-of-Home (OOH) media. EatAds is subscription model.  In addition to a listing and lead generation platform EatAds also provides (either directly or via integration) a raft of cloud-based workflow solutions for all stages of the Out-of-Home media value chain. We take no commission and are designed for fast growth.
Elite Environmental Group LLC. Provides staffing services and temporary employment opportunities for a wide range of clients, from business owners in search of employees, to candidates in search of employment in the Environmental, and Construction industry.
MISSION:GoldLeaf HomeCare is revolutionizing home care by making our CarePartners top priority. GoldLeaf fully loves,honors and serves its CarePartners so they will offer the same to every Client. Placing People before profit is our guiding commitment that allows GoldLeaf to foster greater individual independences and the optimal quality of life for our Clients.This is our mission at GoldLeaf HomeCare. We are a very different medical and non-medical home health company - we pray together, we care for each other both professionally &amp; personally. Don't take our word for it, ask our team of CarePartners! GoldLeaf is a family of people who love others &amp; honor God (you don't have to be Christian or even religious!). We need experienced &amp; energetic Caregivers and CNAs to Join our Care Partner Team! 
airfy prägt sicheres und einfach zu bedienendes Kunden WLAN für Unternehmen. Werde Teil eines stetig wachsenden Unternehmens und genieße eine produktive Arbeitsumgebung mit hochtalentierten, offenen und dynamischen Kollegen.Du hast bei uns die Möglichkeit von Anfang an selbstständig zu arbeiten, Verantwortung zu übernehmen und uns tatkräftig bei der Erreichung unserer Ziele zu unterstützen: WLAN everywhere for everyone.
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
Work at dxwdxw works exclusively with the public sector to create exemplary digital services, using agile, user-centred methodologies. Since we were founded in 2008, we’ve delivered lots of great projects, from informational and consultation sites to transactional customer services and collaborative intranets.For the right people we offer a 10am start, limitless coffee and SodaStream, a shiny new Mac to work on, and a pleasant team of geeks to work with. We’ve got a nice office near the Hallowed Roundabout, with wooden floors and space invaders on the walls, a coffee machine that makes Inception noises and lots of tasty lunch that’s minutes away. We’ve all got our own interests and specialisms, but we’re brought together by a desire to build good stuff. The atmosphere in the office is relaxed but focused, with an irreverent sense of humour and a minor caffeine dependency.We think that the best projects need the best people, and good people are hard to come by. If you’re interested in any of these roles, we’d love to hear from you. There’s no closing date for applications: posts stay open for as long as it takes us to find the right person. If you think that might be you, get in touch quickly!
At McLane Intel, we believe that everyone should love where they work! We understand that our ongoing success is attributed to our remarkable staff. We are a company that promotes career growth, ongoing learning, and professional development for all of our employees.We have a wide range of positions throughout the company and accept and support a broad array of applicants—from recent graduates to seasoned professionals. If you are willing to follow our company values, enjoy learning new skills, and plan to succeed in your career—we want you to apply.Here are a few things we offer that others often don’t:Autonomy – We offer a management team that treats their employees with respect and values their input, along with a team of skilled technicians that put their teammates above themselves.Mastery &amp; Growth – We promote from within and work each one of our technicians to help them get certifications and rise in the tiers experience.Purpose – We have a mission and a culture that every employee is strongly invested in working towards because we hand-picked people that love what they do. It’s the difference between people in a row boat rowing as they see fit, and people rowing the same direction.Benefits – Our benefits are some of the best around. We have awesome health insurance and a great PTO policy. We have an Awesome Teammate Bonus, where employees nominate other employees weekly. Each full-time employee has a monthly personal and team bonus with specific targets for performance, so you always know how you’re doing.A bit more about what we do:McLane Intelligent Solutions (MIS) is fast-growing and dynamic managed services provider located in Bell county in Central Texas. We provide a broad range of outsourced IT including design, installation, support, maintenance and consulting services to the SMB market. We have a rising need for smart, talented, hard-working, and capable team members who love challenges, want to know they are making a difference every day, and want to join a fast-paced, demanding and fun team of professionals.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
MERL's internship program gives students excellent opportunities to work in an industrial research lab environment side-by-side with world-class researchers.A primary intent of the program is to provide interns with experience that could help them enhance and accelerate their professional career, while also contributing to new or ongoing initiatives at MERL. Interns will be exposed to relevant industrial problems ranging from speculative and exploratory research to more practical engineering tasks. We hope that all interns have a chance to become familiar with our organization and the open research culture at MERL, produce publishable work, and develop an appreciation for how breakthrough research makes an impact on future products.MERL considers graduate students from all over the world. As many of our projects benefit from specialized knowledge in a given field, graduate students pursuing a Ph.D. typically fill the majority of internship openings.The duration of a typical internship varies from 3 months to 1 year, with the majority of interns being employed during the summer months. As the summer is a very busy time, we encourage applications for non-summer internships and also prefer early applications for summer internships. Hiring decisions for the summer are typically made around February/March to allow enough time for any necessary paperwork (such as visa applications or other work eligibility forms) to be completed.
We believe cities are complicated. And your mobile device should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.We're a small dedicated team based somewhere in London with backgrounds in transport, Google, apps, design, investing and academia. We're venture capital backed by a number of fancy pants investors including Balderton Capital, Index Ventures, Greylock Partners, Connect Ventures as well as some angels.We're motivated by solving hard fundamental everyday problems that improve the quality of people's lives. We like simplifying complexity, reinventing user experience, working with data, shipping fast, and humanising a serious space.We're hiring now!
SaaS Startup in SEO field, making a lightweight SEO Tool to be used by any marketer, SEO specialist or entrepreneur.
Community Action Partnership of Ramsey &amp; Washington Counties (Community Action) was established in 1964 as a program of the War on Poverty. Community Action Agencies became the service delivery arm of the Federal Office of Economic Opportunity. As the only continuously funded anti-poverty program in the country, our mission is to reduce poverty and its impact on people in Ramsey and Washington counties.Community Action is involved in grassroots public policy and community engagement activities, such as voter registration drives, legislative hearings, advocacy and education activities. 
Hy-Safe Technology provides Turnkey fall protection solutions through innovative design, total dedication to customer service, and a complete range of fall protection equipment. With more than 75 years comprehensive experience, Hy-Safe Technology's knowledgeable sales staff and internal designers will propose a completely integral, cost effective solution in order to create a fall-arrest system that satisfies all safety requirements.  As a leader in the fall protection industry, Hy-Safe has been an active member of the American Society of Safety Engineers (ASSE) Z359 committee for years.As a member of the Fall Protection Association family, Hy-Safe offers a complete range of services including:Fall Protection Risk AssessmentFall  Protection System Design Fall Protection System EngineeringFall Arrest Component TestingFall Protection TrainingFall Protection Equipment CertificationSafety Equipment InstallationFall Arrest Component FabricationEducation and the proper application of technology are vital in any endeavor. Education takes us beyond ourselves and broadens our horizons, allowing us to solve problems and make decisions effectively. Every day we apply technology to our problems and meet our challenges with solutions. In order to meet the strenuous demands of the safety industry, we provide a workforce with the urgency to develop cutting edge solutions. We pride ourselves in making a difference in solving fall protection challenges.MissionHy-Safe provides the highest level of safety standards by formulating creative integrated fall protection solutions. VisionHy-Safe incorporates every aspect of team to produce the highest quality Fall Protection products available. Our focus is to build the future today and take hold to make a difference tomorrow.ValuesAs a community, Hy-Safe's values are:Accountability for the integrity of the companyCommitment of every team memberCreating the highest quality customer service we can provide
The Edge is a multicultural ministry committed to reaching the urban/ hip-hop culture in mind, body and spirit. The Edge was planted by Kentwood Community Church in the fall of 2009. It was planted as a missions church to reach people from all walks of life who are looking for hope and a future. Our community has become family for many in our context. Our high energy Saturday night Sessions are filled with hip-hop and R&amp;B music, authentic people and fellowship. Our location has become a second home for many and our building is open most days of the week to the entire community. We hold Bible studies, tutor each other, work in the music studio, a video production room and just hang out together to watch movies. Over the past three years, we have seen unbelievable social and spiritual change occurring in the lives of those who attend our church and community ministries. Over the past three years, hundreds of people have come to know Jesus as Lord as a result of what God is doing in the midst of The Edge.
WDM Group is an innovative, forward thinking digital company aimed at bringing business executives up-to-date with the latest news, information and trends from across the globe.Aimed at informing, engaging, educating and interacting with business executives the world over, WDM Group’s products takes an in-depth look at inter-country relations, trade and tourism, prominent industries, success stories and lessons to be learned in business.With a physical presence in many of the world’s largest economies, WDM Group is abreast with news and developments occurring around the clock. We aim to keep our ears to the ground and our fingers on the pulse to bring busy executives a breakdown of the biggest and most interesting updates from across the world’s largest and most influential territories and industries.With WDM Group you don’t just read the news, you make it.
Makers Academy trains people to become the world's best junior software developers
Bonsey Jaden is a new partnership between award-winning Singapore agency Bonsey Design, and Sydney-based creatives The Jaden Group.Collectively, Bonsey Jaden has more than 20 years' experience servicing SME’s and top tier global brands across many different industries.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
Lessard Design is an international architecture and planning firm committed to creating environments that inspire connection, collaboration, community and commerce. Located in metropolitan Washington, DC, we also have offices in Italy, India, and New York. Chris Lessard's award winning designs have been featured in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Urban Land Magazine, American Builders Quarterly, Design, Develop &amp; Construct Journal, Builder Magazine, Building Design &amp; Construction, Professional Builder and Remodeler, Multifamily Trends, Green Business Quarterly and Inform Architecture &amp; Design. Our understanding of global cultures is translated through design that is sensitive to cultural geographies, communities, traditions and values. Lessard firm leaders have experience working in nearly 20 countries with projects in the Americas, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. Lessard’s diverse international team provides the expertise to manage clients through all design phases – from feasibility, strategy and through construction.
United Lawnscape, Inc. sets the standard in the green industry. Our commitment and passion for the outdoor environments of the American landscape generate our drive to provide the highest level of craftsmanship with honesty and integrity. The United Lawnscape team is vigilant in our goals of harnessing imagination, creativity and value by delivering those qualities to our customers with high regards toward quality and safety. It is imperative for us to be a national leader in the development and maintenance of the communities in which we live.
Southern Cloud help you monetize your content through ad insertions and incremental subscription model without the cost and complexity of in-house development. Our solution enables your subscribers’ to watch your TV channels on any of their Internet connected devices. The solution combines the robust Southern Cloud platform with valued added components and services to provide everything needed to operate rich, branded, and valuable TV everywhere experience. We are able to create Apps for your channel in Samsung SmartTV, Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Xbox, LG, Google TV, Roku, Sony Playstation, Yahoo Connected TV, Western Digital, Roku, Netgear NeoTV and other platforms.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
The Boston Consulting Group (#URL_45423e1e16703aa4d8ee444d3ad69bb51525f1dad0b3115713cf80dc496299e2#) has launched a new digital business, BCG Digital Ventures (#URL_4968ff917b2cf554a3e92b004e0c92d03e4c10730070a0df7e84f0d3db806e53#) - a digital innovation, product development, and commercialization firm.  This first-of-its-kind firm will bring unique capabilities to create and grow disruptive digital products and platforms.  BCG Digital Ventures goes beyond providing consulting, design, and technology services to form strategic venture teams with its clients in order to rapidly develop, launch and grow transformational digital products, platforms and businesses.The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world's leading advisor on business strategy.  BCG partners with clients from the private, public and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises.BCG was founded in 1963 and is a privately owned firm with more than 7,000 employees across 81 offices in 45 countries.  Integrity, respect for the individual, delivering value, and making an impact on society are just some of BCG's core values. BCG's commitment to both their clients' success and their own standards is what sets BCG apart as a world-class professional services organization.
Who are Duco?We are a modern software company enabling financial services firms to control complex data using light-touch, self-service technology. We are shaping the core of new, efficient operations with customers on the sell side, buy side and major service providers.Why Duco?We make use of the latest technologies and the power of automation to punch above our weight.  We're growing fast but we're still small enough for you to make an outsized impact on the team and shape your role over time.We recruit for the A-team only, work in an Agile fashion and deliver a product and service that the industry loves.  You will define the tools you need to best do your job.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
MarkaVIP is the leading online fashion destination in the Middle East and North Africa. We build and curate amazing products and services for families that appreciate fine name brands at a reasonable price. Our team of talented stylists, technologists and creatives are leading the way in customer experience and innovative online retail solutions.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Reinventing the specialty mortgage servicing process by providing the highest level of customer service to our clients, we are dedicated to high-touch servicing through a combination of process efficiency, innovative technology, and employee expertise.The ClearSpring team has decades of hands-on expertise in the mortgage and financial industries.  Our onsite advisors are trained to have a deep knowledge of specific loan types, your mortgage parameters, and can help with any questions you may have regarding our system or your loan.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
ValleySoft is a fast growing global IT Services &amp; Solutions company based in Silicon Valley, USA . At ValleySoft, we strongly believe that excellence in services to Client is not a singular act, but a habit. We make earnest effort in our constant endeavor to redefine this habit and take it to the next higher level. Our long standing, time tested experience, which span across domains, is a source of strength as it helps us effectively leverage our experience to add value to our Clients' business needs and processes. Our growth has been powered by our consultative approach, our deep understanding of business and technology, our passion for innovation - and above all, our integrity.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
 In 1959 Edward Miller recognized the need for a high quality, reliable manufacturing partner in the marketplace. He took a one person operation, started in his garage, and launched Prince Industries into a globally recognized premier designer, engineer and manufacturer of precision machined and sheet metal fabricated components and hydraulics. At Prince Industries, we embrace the challenges of today’s rapidly changing global manufacturing marketplace and are prepared to meet the most demanding applications from our customer, including small/mid-size runs, JIT components and high volume production. Today we continue to hire smart, passionate, and forward thinking problem solvers like Edward Miller.  Our culture demands our employees to be of the utmost in character, highly-responsible, accountable, results oriented, with a focus on continual improvement in all that they do. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Why work with tapely#URL_60bf3d0de1168dd72ed6cdab35c6587b9d4c85a32dd71111ecb0b67e247fd675# is an online startup that allows music lovers to share music in a beautiful and personal way.We’re engineers and designers, analytical and creative, but - above all - we’re music fans. We believe that the way we currently share music online is seriously flawed. And we would like to change this by building a platform for music lovers to express themselves and their taste in music. We need your help to make this happen.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
Ambir is a different kind of company and we are proud of that. Our growing team consists of experienced, intelligent and ambitious individuals, who are committed to developing a sphere of positive influence with our clients, and in our community. We are currently seeking highly enthusiastic, positive and self motivated consultants who care about people and want to be part of a different kind of company. The successful candidates have successful track record as a consulting practitioner, have a reputation as a leader amongst their peers, in their field and in their community and are ready for the next stage of their career journey.   You might want to work with us if you like the following:A company that balances profit and the common good;A group of people who are passionate about our team, our clients, and our families;A company focused on embracing the local – and global – community we are part of, fostering pride in our accomplishments and rewarding our hard work;A company that values “work-life integration” our objective to enable team members to fully ‘live’ each day; andA place where people can achieve life goals. This transcends the business of work alone… in the belief that happy, contented people will make more meaningful contributions in their lives to their families, their clients and their colleagues and friends. Ambir was recently recognized as the #3 Best Place to Work in Canada, by the Great Place to Work Institute Canada. Ambir was recognized twice as “The #1 Best Place to Work in Atlantic Canada” by Progress Magazine, and ranked nationally as one of Canada’s Top 25 Up and Comers in recent Branham Group Surveys of ICT Companies. Ambir maintains offices in Saint John, Fredericton and Moncton; New Brunswick, St. John’s, Newfoundland and Labrador, and Halifax; Nova Scotia.  
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
VENTURE Credit Union Cooperative Society Limited is a member-owned credit union based in Trinidad and Tobago. We are committed to good governance, improvement in the economic well-being of our members, and the transformation of the credit union movement, while fulfilling our responsibility to our various publics. Our human resources are of strategic importance to us and we are invested in the development of our team members. We are looking for smart, focused professionals who share our vision and want to grow in a dynamic organisation.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Joist is a platform for trades contractors that allows them to estimate, invoice, accept payments, &amp; much more!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Elite Environmental Group LLC. Provides staffing services and temporary employment opportunities for a wide range of clients, from business owners in search of employees, to candidates in search of employment in the Environmental, and Construction industry.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
A startup aiming to change the way parents and kids experience urban life
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
SilverStripe CMS &amp; Framework is an open source platform of web development tools. The platform is curated by SilverStripe, an international web development company and supported by a vibrant online community. We take pride in being a locally owned New Zealand company, founded by three people passionate about the limitless possibilities of the web. They share a vision - to reshape business through the web. Top developersSilverStripe is one of New Zealand’s top developers of websites and web applications. We’ve been in business since 2000 and in that time we’ve gone from strength to strength. Our technical expertise has earned us a solid reputation around the world and because of the leading edge work we do, we are able to attract and retain a wide range of talented and dedicated people from within New Zealand and abroad.Open sourceWe are strong advocates of open source software. Our flagship product, SilverStripe Content Management System (CMS), is a free, open source download, alongside SilverStripe Framework, the powerful core underpinning the CMS. We have seen strong growth in adoption of our software around the globe. Many of our larger customers are now developing unique and novel solutions on top of SilverStripe and are integrating our software deep into their own product offerings.Core values &amp; kick ass cultureYou will be working alongside super smart designers, developers and project managers. They’ll share their love of the craft with you and help you grow your skills. There are plenty of opportunities for learning — we pay for developers to attend the usual range of conferences and meetups, and we hold our own internal monthly Hack Day and Show &amp; Tell talks.SilverStripe is big on things like building trusting relationships, sharing ideas, being open, using technology to solve important problems, and helping others reach their goals. We actively foster a culture that supports these core values. Our culture kicks ass.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Founded in 1974 in Canada, and in 1985 in the U.S. as a specialty engineering and contracting company, Landmark works throughout North America, with principal offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Toronto, and Chicago.  We are committed to growth through leveraging our core competencies in planning, engineering and construction excellence, cooperative project execution, and client service with expansion into new markets involving water, energy, and the environment.
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Crossroads Staffing dedicates a significant amount of time getting to know clients and candidates alike to ensure an excellent match. We are proud of the hands on service we provide, not only to our clients, but also our employees. We focus on building meaningful, lasting relationships with the most qualified candidates, which translates to familiar faces you can trust on your assignments. We have positions available from Anaheim, CA all the way to Santa Barbara, CA. We also have recently been hired by a Property Management Company located in Las Vegas.
Vayu builds affordable unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for healthcare supply chain management and post-disaster aid delivery.Currently, healthcare providers and disaster relief responders depend on costly, slow, and unreliable transportation by motorcycles, cars, and trucks to serve remote communities. One billion people live all or part of the year without access to all-weather roads. Vayu's UAVs will provide affordable, fast, and reliable delivery of vital goods to these isolated areas, both on a regular basis and in times of crisis.Our offices are in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA and New Delhi, India.
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
Adthena is the UK’s leading competitive intelligence service for Google search advertisers. Adthena is loved by major brands and digital agencies alike and provides a great opportunity to work in the high growth adtech space. Our patent-pending technologies provide unparalleled accuracy for clients to understand their competitors’ keywords, budgets, spend, CPCs, Adcopy and more. We're profitable, fast growing and love what we do.
Making getting ready a whole lot easier, GLAMSQUAD is an app-based beauty provider delivering professional and affordable beauty services to the home or office. The team of experienced hair stylists and make-up artists are hand-picked and expertly trained undergoing extensive proprietary training and character-assessment techniques to guarantee consistent, high quality results and a positive stylist experience with every appointment. With personalized, one on-one consultations and a signature range of inspirational looks, GLAMSQUAD offers clients the full celebrity-experience, helping them look and feel their best. Currently operating in New York and Los Angeles, the company plans to debut in other cities soon.
Commonwealth Capital, LLC is a small business located in Lakeville. We have owned and operated various businesses in the south Metro area for more than 35 years. We are in our fourth year of operation as a factoring company.Commonwealth Capital, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion, nation origin, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, veteran status, sexual orientation or preference, or physical or mental disability. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We launched Involvio as students at Drexel University in Philadelphia out of our frustration that keeping track of events happening on campus was just too hard - we knew there must have been a better way, but there wasn’t, so we built it!We took the top prize upon graduating from the GE/OMD Incubator program in New York City and have since grown by leaps and bounds. Our product is used by thousands of students on campuses across the US and Canada. Our team is laser focused on building tools that boost student engagement.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Diagnostic Health deploy and manage high quality sonographers to provide the NHS with a single, unified and trusted service.Diagnostic Health specialise in providing a range of ultrasound services and solutions to NHS Trusts requiring extra capacity.  We work closely with our sonographers, maintaining positive relationships and working together to achieve the shared goal of supporting the need to develop improved access to diagnostic tests and reducing waiting times
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
Startup Institute is the #1 career accelerator, offering transformative educational experiences for career changers and recent grads that combine hard skills with cultural acumen to drastically increase the velocity and impact of startup employees THROUGHOUT THEIR CAREER. We cultivate the human capital high-growth companies need to succeed.
The Learning Lab develops and runs premier educational programs in English, Mathematics and Science at the pre-primary, primary, secondary and junior college levels.Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take pride in nurturing the next generation of leaders by cultivating each student’s unique talents and abilities, while helping them reach and surpass their academic goals.Our students undertake an exciting learning journey that is fun, enriching and horizon-expanding.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Openfund is a seed investment fund, working with technology companies that deliver innovative software products.Our portfolio companies are growing fast, constantly creating jobs that offer intellectual challenge, great career potential and exposure to world-class work practices. Ambitious people with a passion for what they do and a commitment to make it happen are always in high demand.If you'd like to work for a startup, you're in the right place. Openfund portfolio founders keep an eye on applications submitted here to pick outstanding individuals for new hires they wish to make. If you think you have what it takes, check out our current openings.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNC’s for the past 12 years.We specialize in High end Recruitments in IT, Telecom, Embedded, Chip Design and Non-IT (Manufacturing, Engineering, Oil &amp; Gas, Infrastructure, BFSI,FMCG,Automobile,Aeronautics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Life-Sciences and Business Advisory) domains.We have a strong team of more than 100 employees operating from multiple offices in Bangalore located on HAL Airport Road.Visit us also at #URL_1722ee2d0bc47c66058101f0a811deb4a0991ebf80d1cadd752ef83c41ebfd15# , #URL_1bf25f25493e97bdc8354cb65991bb196949302fd5331c01b896c04df7c80783# , #URL_387f3642127667d307b8bfb226e4fb0d52ab6c3140cc7d544b8027e21c4fc3a5#
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
Somnoware is a software platform to manage sleep wellness for healthcare providers and their customers. It provides a single integrated platform for any stakeholder to use for screening, diagnosing, treating and tracking sleep health issues.We are on a mission to simplify sleep. Research studies conclude that better sleep is key to better health.  We believe the future of sleep wellness requires not increasingly complex and fragmented solutions but in a rather seamless platform that applies innovations found in the latest consumer technologies like itunes and facebook. Founded in late 2011, Somnoware is a young fast growing company based in Charlotte, NC with offices in Trivandrum and Chennai, India.    We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to revolutionize the path to better sleep health. Our vision is to fundamentally change how individuals measure, track and treat sleep. 
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Ahoy there adventurer! Join us aboard the good ship Locish as we bravely steer our beloved vessel across the ocean of ambition, and navigate the high seas of start-up culture…Locish is a mobile app that helps its users disovover new places, join discussions around them and share their stories.  So…what you waiting for? See how shipshape we are right now at #URL_2ec06ca8c69d6c5aafff682381c713ac492335f571c1545b2d4eb74f958c17d6#
Mobi2Go is an integrated online and mobile food ordering platform providing unique customer ordering solutions for the hospitality industry and facilitates millions of dollars a month in revenue for clients around the world and had processed over 2.5 million orders for the clients such of HELL Pizza, Habitual Fix and The Pita Pit and Burger Wisconsin. #URL_0276cb03b5d88c4139592252f3f622d9d90472729d3e227316d58d04754842da#The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forMobi2Go is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team punching above our weight on the global stage, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
HGS is a world leader in Customer Relationship and Business Process Management.  With a global footprint and an experience of over three decades, we have helped our clients deliver exceptional results.  We have developed and implemented some of the best-known processes and practices to deliver a comprehensive range of industry-specific solutions. Our operational excellence, combined with functional expertise, has made us the "Preferred Partner" for most of our clients.  We deliver seamless service to some of the world's most recognized brands out of and across North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
As one of the world’s leading staffing companies, our primary objective is clear-cut: To perfectly align the best people with appropriate positions for our clients everywhere. Every day, we talk to hiring managers, HR directors, procurement managers, and senior management to learn their needs. At the same time, we’re bringing in candidates and associates with a variety of skills and backgrounds, seeing how we can best put their skills to use.This happens in every Advantage office—in just about every industry—with a talent roster that includes engineers of all kinds, IT software, hardware and infrastructure, finance &amp; accounting professionals, clerical, light industrial, manufacturing and warehouse workers. In addition, Advantage helps businesses with some of their most critical day-to-day tasks, providing assistance with workforce consulting, management of payroll, procurement, recruitment outsourcing, and project management.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
Crest Financial is one of the leading privately held consumer financing companies in the United States. Crest blends the use of innovative technology with a simple to use application process to drive revenue for thousands of retailers. Retailers love our product and our people -- we are growing the business rapidly and we need more great people to join the team!
Aspex RecruitmentWe are a Fixed Fee Recruitment Company providing expert employment services throughout the UK. Being an independent we are able to tailor our services to our clients and candidates requirements. Delivering the highest level of personalised service within the permanent staffing arena.  Aspex Recruitment endeavour to provide a concise and professional recruitment service to each individual client, focusing on offering the best client and candidate experience within the recruitment and job hunting marketplaceCandidatesInclude helpful advice and guidance on how to perfect your CV.From clients and business partners we take full job specifications, including essential skills and requirements relating to your experience, desirable skills, education and qualifications along with the ideal candidate personality to match the company culture and environment. We will provide you with career guidance and support.We strive to ensure complete Client/Candidate satisfaction, through our ongoing involvement at every stage.ClientsWe understand our clients needs go beyond the simple fulfilment of a vacancy. As an independent agency, we can be more flexible and tailor our recruitment services to the client’s individual needs. We approach every vacancy as a truly constructive resourcing partner, providing professional advice and resource planning to ensure your recruitment process marks the beginning of a successful relationship.We have an impressive database of candidates on standby for interviews and ready for immediate starts.
QB Medical Inc. is a medical supply distributor located in Chula Vista, CA. Founded in 2005, we now services over 100 government-funded medical centers. QB Medical is passionate about discovering the most effective medical products for our military service members, veterans, government healthcare providers and patients.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Premise is building a novel information-gathering network on a global scale. The network harnesses the explosion in mobile technology, combined with sophisticated machine learning capabilities, to aggregate observations from users all around the world to deliver business, economic and human development data in real-time. We are growing the platform to sufficient scale where it will deliver any user-observable information on demand, whether that is the price of food staples at a Mumbai street market, or the length of a queue at a Walmart de México parking lot.We’re a fast-growing startup -- bolstered by the backing of significant ‘smart money,’ but still young enough such that you’ll be a core member of the team that is reinventing how the human race understands its own economic activity. We’re being helped in our mission by Silicon Valley’s most creative and disruptive investors: Social+Capital Partnership, Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz and Harrison Metal.Bottom line, this is an opportunity for someone who (1) wants to build something meaningful at a fast-growing and mission-driven startup, (2) wants to contribute to the amazing, messy evolution of the open-source ecosystem, and (3) actually cares about social good enough to make Premise a permanent part of their resume.Read more about Premise * TechCrunch: #URL_381f76dfce96ab77e6fe5181ebb500e6c1bcba003861c737f3c721b47d9a2b17# * New York Times:#URL_faf9a8fdc4802642fd81e7b36325164b67f939328bd86c959018f1db1d4ec784#?hpw&amp;rref=business&amp;_r=1&amp; * Wired: #URL_b80f608b08c2ba4ae61aa641ed4d73de557d09c00692ceba27a5cf8c44a6bf96# * The New Yorker:#URL_42671b5464823a632cd07ad33ae34c9d33d88a4f36aefcb6aadc87e40f9b6e16# * The Atlantic:#URL_ff8989377bd24ee8d51289196a427f4ddcbebccf08409ba4f2944721192e671d# * MIT Technology Review:#URL_78f5a144ee0c4e1f2fa86473817f5623350989c3c7d0493d5e71157aa5f7380d#
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fleetio is improving the way companies manage vehicle-based operations. We're a fast-growing, profitable SaaS company with tens of thousands of users in over 30 countries. And we're just getting started.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
AboutPPD Partners provides English and Spanish contact center outsourcing to companies that want more from their customer relationships.We position our clients for success by delivering inbound contact center services that allow them to focus on their core business while maximizing profit. We deliver the brand promise of our clients by working with them to understand and apply the knowledge, behaviors, and values at the core of their success.MISSIONTo support our Clients competitive goals and brand recognition through meaningful interactions with their customers by providing quality driven contact center solutions.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
PINT is a leader in the web industry with 20 years of web design, software development and consulting experience. PINT's principals are also the founders of two software companies - ZingChart and Port80 Software.We not only build sites and applications for leading organizations in California, the U.S. and worldwide, but help move the industry forward with our books, instruction at universities, and conference participation.PINT's CultureFrom keyboard-bashing coders to creative, caffeine-driven web aficionados, at PINT not a day goes by in which our employees aren't learning, teaching, and continually being technically and professionally challenged.The amount of experience and knowledge your co-workers share is often a crash course in advanced web development and software engineering principles. Conference room walls tiled with post-it note mosaics of user interview questions and printed web dev decoupage throughout the office poise PINT on the bleeding edge...exactly where we want to be.Foodie focused Friday mornings are often highly anticipated and enjoyed among the members of the weekly PINT Breakfast Club.
Zaius is a digital intuition platform enabling companies to optimize consumer experiences across channels.  We're poised to make a huge dent in a $20B industry.  Zaius is led by veterans from successful software companies including Endeca, Netezza, and LogMeIn and backed by top-tier venture capital firm Matrix Partners.  
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
Wedo is a collection of niched e-commerce stores which aim to be the first destination for online shoppers buying in the various niches that we operate in. Due to our continued commitment to the best, we are now looking for more people to join our lively team at a very exciting time. As we continue to grow we're looking for incredibly passionate people who want to be part of something amazing. We’re looking for outgoing, positive and driven individuals who want to make a difference where they work. We can teach you a lot of what you need to know about the job. What we can’t teach you is aptitude and attitude, two of the most important aspects to succeeding at Wedo. If you’d like to work in an environment that feels friendly and welcoming, professional, highly interactive and ready to hear your ideas, then read on.
Mailjet is a market leading Email Service Provider with over 25 000 clients and rapidly expanding across Europe and abroad due to its innovative approach in offering speed, deliverability and insight to sending emails through an unparalleled user experience and  comprehensive set of APIs.We currently have offices in France, UK, Germany, Belgium, Spain and Canada and are looking for the next wave of business and technical talent to accelerate our expansion and reach our aggressive goals.We are currently hiring for the following positions based out of our headquarters in the heart of Paris and abroad. If you think you have what it takes to be a part of a fast moving and dynamic team, contact us today.
Cigniti Inc. is a 15 year old Irving, TX based professional services and staffing company which helped companies like Trimac Transportation Services, The Freeman Company, Crowley Maritime Corporation, SUBWAY , Teletech Holdings, Heartland Payment Systems, Merrill Lynch, MoneyGram, Stroz Friedberg, HighRadius Corporation, Hertz, Lego, Exeter Finance, NQ Mobile, SecondStreet Media, IQ Interactive, Intuit, Kabam, Vungle, Winshuttle, Shazam Entertainment, Opera Software ASA, GXS India Technology Center, Commerce to identify the right talent for their ongoing and upcoming projects in multiple locations across the USA. The Cigniti Advantage: With a full time staff of over 500 certified consultants across the USA, Cigniti can be your go-to partner for all your staffing needsDedicated Talent Acquisition team(s) with over a decade and a half of experience and expertise in staffing IT/QA teams15% bench to meet those dynamic business and project demandsOnsite consultants working at client locations have access to a specialized R&amp;D team and senior leadership at no extra cost to our clientsDedicated account management that will take ownership of resource onboarding processes to ensure rapid induction of consultants to your projects Can we schedule a few minutes to talk about your recruitment strategy and plans?  We would like to explore opportunities to work in partnership with your team. We look forward to hearing from you.
Hellas Direct is a new insurance company founded in 2011 with the view of changing the way car insurance companies service their clients. We embrace transparency in everything we do and we believe that the Greek consumer deserves a better customer experience.The phrase 'Rethink Insurance' captures the essence of why we exist as a company. Our mission is to change the Greek insurance market, one policy at a time. To do so, we must challenge all assumptions and revisit the way things are currently being done. We are starting with a blank piece of paper and - with the help and support of our strategic partners - we want to redefine what customer service really means. We invite you to join us in our journey and to get to know us along the way.Hellas Direct is the trade name of HD Insurance Ltd, a Cyprus non-life insurance company. HD Insurance Ltd is regulated by the Cyprus Superintendent of Insurance and authorised by the Bank of Greece to carry out insurance business in the Hellenic Republic.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Farmers® is the nation's third-largest Personal Lines Property &amp; Casualty insurance group. Headquartered in Los Angeles and doing business in 41 states, the insurers comprising the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies provide Homeowners, Auto, Business, Life insurance and financial services to more than 10 million households. For more information about Farmers, visit #URL_3679dec19c9fcda4915dfdbef6f1f5c9ebbabb30a4880d309811b8d3de9e652f# We are the newest district in the Phoenix Metro area, with a phenomenal training program designed to accelerate your agency’s growth.  Take a look at the agent opportunity video for more information.
Coffeewards is a cloud loyalty platform which enables businesses to:• Retain and increase their customer base • Provide, through innovative user interaction, cross-sell function in an effective and measurable way • Fully engage the enrolled end users through a captive and multi-way loyalty platform/service.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
ERG is a business and consumer law firm dedicated to helping its clients navigate the BP Claims Process. Almost every type of business on the west coast of Florida, and many individuals and professionals, may be qualified to particpate under this new BP funded program established as of June 4, 2012. The purpose of the program is to help Florida businesses and consumers recover from the direct and indirect impacts of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, and ERG and its team of lawyers and financial professionals are dedicated to ensuring that all of those impacted receive the quality representation they deserve. The ability to file a claim is time limited, so investigate your rights today to ensure that the intended benefits of the program are realized as Florida's economy continues to struggle. Visit #URL_70030a244afb9e0151ea2dcb7fe41f3026a714b37eef7f5e2494abafa40ae1fa# for more about ERG and whether you or your company may have a claim.
Itsa Southern Thing Apparel owns several clothing brands: Eat More Tees, Itsa Girl Thing, and Fripp &amp; Folly.  We strive to provide excellent service and quality to our wholesale customers while reaching out to our end user through online media.  All of our brands build from t-hirts first.  Because our company began as a custom screenprinting enterprise, we will always print our own t-shirts to control the quality and availability of our shirts.We love where our brands have been able to take us.  We hope you visit our website or any of our retail partners and find something that helps define you.  #URL_7190b3b80bd2332aa57046df34c6443e9e8c7afa14d9a03b927fabb3e18e7432#-girl-#URL_da1fcc952a602fe360bce433310e06afc227c889039d656770d684b010d99751#    #URL_8615272cf9fe9b8aa613d176988c9a055d24d06325087d9af2c27c94fdf9c3cc#   #URL_3d944d2625879d4238c81f31e9555704be9e677528a93d6a4cb2b28800358f0b#   
We are a visual technology startup pioneering powerful immersive experiences for next generation wearable displays. Condition One combines advanced 3D graphics, high-resolution video and experiential storytelling to create a fundamentally new form of visual communication to enable a better understanding of the human experience.We’re excited to announce that we are in development with Zero Point, the first movie shot in 3D, 360 degree video optimized for the Oculus Rift head mounted display. In the film, we follow the pioneers of virtual reality; the researchers and developers creating an entirely new digital dimension. From combat training simulations at the Department of Defense, to research labs at Stanford, to indie game developers and hackers, this immersive video experience will bring viewers into the future of virtual reality.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
Controller Chaos opened for business in early 2008 to fill a void we saw in the gaming world - quality modded controllers. Our goal wasn’t just to provide gamers with quality controllers that were outfitted with all the latest technology, we wanted to provide gamers with the largest selection of modded controllers AND back it with exceptional customer service.Since then, we have grown almost as quickly as our customer base has. We have established ourselves as an industry leader and are accredited by the Better Business Bureau as a registered corporation in the state of Missouri. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig is a consulting firm specializing in transportation and environmental planning, traffic engineering, transportation system design, and environmental services. Our philosophy is to provide creative, effective, and sustainable solutions that connect and enhance your communities. We are able to serve our clients’ diverse needs at the federal, state, regional, and local levels by applying a multidisciplinary and collaborative approach. Our strength comes from Principals with significant technical and management experience who stay actively involved in projects to assure the highest level of client satisfaction.In 1984, Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig began with three employees. Since then, we’ve grown to a firm with more than 100 employees located in Centennial and Colorado Springs, Colorado and in Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska. We’re dynamic, collaborative professionals who sustain a culture of high-caliber work, collaboration, community engagement, and healthy doses of fun. We believe our success is nurtured by a team that enjoys their work as well their workplace. Our staff donates time and funds to Habitat for Humanity and many other charities with individual champions. The FHUn committee plans multiple events that keep energy (and bragging rights) high and helps us remain a tight-knit team.Our success comes from our people.  If our mission is a good match with your career goals,  we welcome you to apply.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
AVOXI, formerly known as DOW Networks, is a cloud communications provider focused on meeting the international calling needs of call centers, hotels, tour operators and global enterprises around the globe. With network operation centers and offices in the US, the UK, South Africa, Costa Rica and Jamaica, AVOXI provides telecommunications and enhanced VoIP solutions including toll free services, Cloud PBXs and call center solutions with advanced features such as call recording, call forwarding and enhanced routing. With toll free numbers from more countries than anyone in the industry, AVOXI is your business source for international toll free numbers (ITFS). In addition, AVOXI can provide universal international freephone numbers (UIFN) for businesses that require a single number for multiple locations and local DID numbers for businesses looking to project a local presence where they do not have a physical office. When your business relies on a VoIP call center solution or international communications, you can rely on AVOXI to have what you need – when you need it – to save money, improve performance and optimize customer service.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
"Play anything on your TV at anytime with the tap of a finger" - sounds like a lazy man's ambition, doesn't it? Teewe is one device which we believe can achieve this goal. Teewe is an HDMI Dongle, which allows you to stream media wirelessly via a smartphone application to your television. Get the device home, plug it into your TV's HDMI, download the app and you are good to go!Teewe is Mango Man Consumer Electronics Pvt. Ltd's flagship product. At Mango Man we are obsessed about making great electronic products that are extremely affordable. We believe that a connected home entertainment experience is the next step in the smart life evolution and we aim to be at the forefront of it.Find more about us at #URL_5fc03a7a10c772c41d82945eaec97b1b88b01daaaae606052ff918824a9e952d#
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Aarna IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. is a product based web development company. We concentrate on doing continuous research and development on various new web projects and as a result soon we are launching very innovative knowledge sharing and connected learning platform for educational institutes called Q Breaker. We are also specialize in Web development and design, web optimization, SEO or Internet marketing along with Mobile application development and E-commerce platform. Since inception our team of young individuals are working real hard towards our dreams. The Goal is to make history, have fun and build wealth. We are a fast growing start-up. So expect a working environment that demands self-motivated hard work and a desire for accomplishment. Excitement, learnings and a chance to shape your own destiny assured.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
SnapStream is powerful television search technology used by organizations that want to put their finger on the pulse of TV. A cross between a DVR and a search engine, SnapStream allows your organization to easily record thousands of hours of TV recordings and then search inside those recordings to pinpoint TV mentions of interest. Then clip that content and download it, burn it to DVD or send it via e-mail — all without any of the expensive per-clip or per-seat fees associated with traditional media monitoring and clipping services.SnapStream simultaneously records up to 10 TV shows and stores more than 34,000 hours of recordings on a single appliance. Need to go higher? You can combine multiple appliances to achieve scalability above and beyond these limits. Record 100 channels at once and archive TV content for years on end
E-Car Club is an entirely electric pay-per-use car club designed to provide members of carefully selected communities and businesses throughout the UK with access to a fleet of low carbon vehicles without the high cost, emissions levels or hassle factor of private ownership.The E-Car mission is a simple, if ambitious, one - we aim to improve local mobility whilst at the same time reducing both the cost and environmental impact of each journey undertaken. E-Car are supported by a wide array of partners including Sustainable Venture Development Partners, the Institute for Sustainability, UK Power Networks, Nissan, Renault and the Technology Strategy Board, and are currently operating in London, Oxford, Milton Keynes, and across Hertfordshire. Several new “hubs” are planned for Q4 2014 and over the next 12 months we hope to rapidly expand into new regions across London and the rest of the UK. 
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
ECG Studio is a process design and visual communication consultancy empowering change makers.ECG Studio fuses business process management with collaborative consulting and visual communications to create deeply engaging business improvement solutions teams love. This unique approach equips change makers with a business partner who's sole focus is aligning business and technical teams, driving process innovation and inspiring actions that deliver process improvement. If you are interested in learning how you might contribute as either a contractor, freelancer or full-time team member, please email a cover letter and resume or CV to #EMAIL_8e0ae6eb938f8c6caf7ae4a7eb690eb77bdb183871514da9ad9dda7fa5a9606e#.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Uni Baggage is the No.1 Student Shipping company in the UK, we ship for tens of thousands of students each term to over 200 countries and territories worldwide.We are a young, exciting and expanding online business based in the Titanic Quarter, Belfast. We have a relaxed office environment and are a member of the cycle to work scheme.To continue our growth we are looking for talented and ambitious people to join our team.All openings will be posted here, if there are no jobs listed then we are not hiring. 
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
IntelliBright was created to leverage enterprise level online business practices to generate exclusive leads on behalf of our medium and small business clients across a wide variety of verticals. Our founder comes from a background where websites and online marketing programs utilize advanced analytics and conversion tactics to maximize revenue. Outside of these competitive industries, though, it’s rare to see the effective use of analytics and optimization that is the hallmark of a successful online marketing strategy.On a local level the use of these business practices is even rarer. Our team of highly skilled search engine optimization specialists is here to bring a system of measurable results (leads and sales) to boost your website’s success. To complement our organic website efforts we employ the most talented experts from their respective fields (SEO, SEM, Website and Graphic Design, Development, Analytics) to implement a digital marketing strategy designed to increase market share and deliver the highest level of performance in relation to revenue generation on behalf of our clients.What truly sets us apart is our consultative nature.  All businesses are not equal.  We work with our clients to improve their internal business processes to increase lead conversions.  Our clients truly love us.  Join us and you'll see why.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in the mid 2000′s, our services include building and management of systems that provide the overall web infrastructure, building successful applications, combines intelligent automation with powerful lead generation, e-commerce and social media strategies. Everything we do is aligned with our goal to help our partners succeed with the help of technology.
Freytag &amp; Associates, Inc. is a multi-discipline design firm offering architectural, engineering, interior design, landscape and planning services.  While providing services for a variety of building types, Freytag is best known for educational, religious/cultural and historic preservation projects.  The firm also serves a variety of governmental and health care clients and assists a commercial client base that requires not only local but national and international projects.  Our office is located on Miami Avenue in Sidney, Ohio in an 1884 restored Victorian home. In 1989, this historic structure was totally renovated to maintain the original character while functioning as a “state-of-the-art” design studio. The structure fosters a cohesive team oriented atmosphere while enhancing the surrounding community.  Freytag &amp; Associates, Inc. offers the latest computer technology from preliminary design through construction documents including interactive 3D building generations.
As one of the world’s leading staffing companies, our primary objective is clear-cut: To perfectly align the best people with appropriate positions for our clients everywhere. Every day, we talk to hiring managers, HR directors, procurement managers, and senior management to learn their needs. At the same time, we’re bringing in candidates and associates with a variety of skills and backgrounds, seeing how we can best put their skills to use.This happens in every Advantage office—in just about every industry—with a talent roster that includes engineers of all kinds, IT software, hardware and infrastructure, finance &amp; accounting professionals, clerical, light industrial, manufacturing and warehouse workers. In addition, Advantage helps businesses with some of their most critical day-to-day tasks, providing assistance with workforce consulting, management of payroll, procurement, recruitment outsourcing, and project management.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of over 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from computer programming to photography and gaming. Our primary Q&amp;A site is Stack Overflow, the world's largest online community of computer programmers. Stack Overﬂow hosts a hiring platform; Stack Overflow Careers which helps users connect with top employers all around the world to ﬁnd new programming opportunities.Why work here?Simple, we’re a group of people who are trying to make the internet a better place. We are building an incredible team and we work hard to make sure every new hire is the best fit possible.You should work in the best environment, with the smartest people, doing challenging and different things everyday. You'll be happiest if you receive stock options, free lunches, and top-notch benefits, so we'll give you those things too. In fact, we'll give you whatever you need to get your job done.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
EgyptNetwork is a fast growing IT solutions provider for Microsoft technologies with strong experience in Microsoft core infrastructures, Business productivity solutions and Professional #URL_afe64d1430a69842b5498beb2a7b4f781f2886c5359d0f2b3abfd40172e9eb12# more than 10 years of sold experience in IT Services business EgyptNetwork managed to build its competencies in Portals &amp; Collaboration and Unified #URL_5a567a095d3ef78b8d9b9b276efeacd54a54c0523da46a1981c0f#PHONE_909a5f506c9a3be5fbdfb0a72282fa0f073d3d33c765b33947b6593236a4f266## company places great emphasis on innovation, as it continuously delivers various cutting-edge solutions to governments and enterprises alike through its opened branches in Egypt and Saudi Arabia as well. EgyptNetwork is a Microsoft golden Certified Partner in four competencies areas which is the highest level of Partnership certification from Microsoft. The company employs the best of breed team of SharePoint, .NET developers, designers, architects, project managers and quality engineers. our global delivery model capability and CMMI level 3 accredited processes, and model-driven development tools to extend our customers IT organization; augmenting it with agile, high quality, productive capabilities, technology competences, and vertical industry know-how. 
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
BlueLine Grid is transforming government communications. At a time when government employees are increasingly being asked to use their personal mobile devices for work, BlueLine Grid allows users to find each other by area, agency, proximity or specialty and connect and collaborate one-to-one or in groups.There are 22 million public employees in the U.S (15% of the total workforce) yet there is no comprehensive registry and no simple way for them to connect. BlueLine Grid is the first company to go Over-The-Top with free, simple connection tools in the mobile government space that integrate unified communication capabilities with a comprehensive and pre-populated directory of the U.S. public workforce.
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Engagor is a venture backed startup founded in 2011, with offices in San Francisco and Belgium, Europe. Engagor is real-time customer engagement and insights platform for the social enterprise. We help brands like T-Mobile, CocaCola, Evernote and Volvo to have personal conversations with all of their customers on a global scale.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
At MAM, we are passionate about changing the culture of the mental health industry. We seek to de-fragment care, utilize technology such as telemedicine to bring care to rural populations, and bring innovative service delivery options to communities. We love our clients and the people who work along side us. We are a very people-oriented company, seeking to have an excellent internal culture in order to change the external culture. We love out-of-the-box thinking and innovative leaders. We would love to meet with you to discuss opportunities in our company or just get to know you! 
Marketing Mob specializes in placing interim, project-based and contract-to-hire marketing consultants in small businesses to Fortune 500 enterprises. Marketing Mob is always looking for talented marketers to join the Mob.Our goal is to keep independent marketers working by matching your skills, talents and experience with marketing projects that require that expertise. Ideal candidates are self-starters, energetic, highly motivated and capable of working independently.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Supply chain management company with emphasis placed in Rehabilitation Therapy, Health IT, and Information Security
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
StartupTAP is not a conventional recruiting agency.  We're true Talent Acquisition Partners.We stand behind the belief that talent is the magical ingredient that fuels innovative ideas and builds successful startups. A great idea can only go so far without the right mix of talented, driven people working vigorously toward the same goals. We don’t just provide resumes and candidates; we’ll be your Talent Acquisition Partners in crime, doing all the dirty work to find those rare gems, the people that have that unique blend of talent, drive and passion that will bring fresh energy, ability and ideas to your team. So, while you’re busy changing the world, let us be your Talent Acquisition Partners, it’s what we do best.
Anittel is an ASX listed company providing IT &amp; telecommunications services and solutions, with 17 offices throughout Australia. The company has experienced rapid growth over recent years; and last year was the winner of both the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 award &amp; CRN's Faster 50 award.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
VouchedFor is a highly disruptive start up in the Financial Advice market. Created in 2011, we are an innovative start-up backed by investors whose previous successes include Zoopla, eBay, Lovefilm and Betfair. We connect consumers with Independent Financial Advisers and Mortgage Advisors that they can trust, based on customer reviews. We have exciting plans to do a whole lot more, makinggreat financial advice accessible and engaging to all.VouchedFor is the only UK digital platform that lets you find, rate and review Independent Advisors.We have successfully carved a place for ourselves in a commercial sector with revenues over £4.4 billion, and with nearly 2000 financial advisers now signed up, VouchedFor has created adviser capacity in excess of even the largest financial firms (e.g., St James Place, Barclays Wealth, Hargreaves Lansdown). The product and marketing opportunities this presents are endless, spanning investments, pensions, mortgages, annuities and more. This role is literally an opportunity to change the way the UK public goes about managing its wealth.
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
Tailor is a digital agency specialising in three things:User interface design and development for enterpriseWe work alongside the development teams of large organisations like Auckland Transport and Progressive Enterprises to design and build (front-end code) the user interface for complex websites and applications. Digital platform design, development and ongoing support for SMEs and entrepreneursWe work with dynamic organisations like My Food Bag and All Blacks Tours to build bespoke systems and apps that are core to their business. We provide a comprehensive range of digital product development services, including strategy, technical scoping, product management, ongoing support and optimisation. Digital development and ongoing support for agenciesWe partner with advertising and marketing agencies to do the “heavy lifting” digital development they can’t do in-house. This is primarily large-scale CMS-based websites, but we also build mobile apps, Facebook apps, and other complex websites. To deliver this unique mix, we’ve got an incredibly diverse but talented team of people - each of whom shares the founders’ passion and pragmatic approach to creating great digital solutions.We're extremely proud of our team, and genuinely believe that our people are our greatest asset. As such, we strive to provide a working environment that is among the best in the industry.We offer:An open culture, where diversity and personality are most welcomeA range of office perks - fridge and pantry stocked with 'healthy' treats, weekly team lunch etc.Personal/professional development - we provide a generous annual allowance to develop your skills and/or attend conferences Work-life balance - we are flexible with working hours and fully supportive of other life/family commitments - school/childcare, sports teams, extra study, and side-projects/business venturesFrom this year, we will offer staff the opportunity to invest (and/or work for equity) in a couple of internal projects we are looking to commercialise
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
SLI Systems is a SaaS company revolutionizing the way online retailers do business. SLI works closely with online retailers—like Sports Authority, and 7 for All Mankind—to improve the search experience for their customers. By monitoring consumer behavior and search terms, SLI is able to direct shoppers to products they’d be interested in—making searches quicker and more efficient. SLI Systems is dedicated to revolutionizing e-commerce and helping its clients grow their user bases, numbers, scope, and clientele.
Ideas2Life is a startup team of people in Cyprus, who are passionate about exploring, conceptualizing and developing new ideas that help and add value to our life. Our goal is simple: To bring many such Ideas 2 Life within the next few years, both in Cyprus and the world.AtYourService, a marketplace for services, is the first project of the team. Watch our awesome video to find out how AtYourService works!
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Magmic is a leading developer and publisher of mobile social games and entertainment. We publish a full range of content, from original titles including Ka-Glom, and Texas Hold’em King to top licensed content from brand name entertainment publishers like Mattel, Disney, and Rubik’s Cube. We have led the mobile entertainment revolution since 2002, and currently ship products to all major app stores including; iTunes App Store, BlackBerry World, Google Play, Amazon App Store and various carrier decks. Privately owned, Magmic is located in Ottawa, Canada in the heart of the Byward Market.
At McLane Intel, we believe that everyone should love where they work! We understand that our ongoing success is attributed to our remarkable staff. We are a company that promotes career growth, ongoing learning, and professional development for all of our employees.We have a wide range of positions throughout the company and accept and support a broad array of applicants—from recent graduates to seasoned professionals. If you are willing to follow our company values, enjoy learning new skills, and plan to succeed in your career—we want you to apply.Here are a few things we offer that others often don’t:Autonomy – We offer a management team that treats their employees with respect and values their input, along with a team of skilled technicians that put their teammates above themselves.Mastery &amp; Growth – We promote from within and work each one of our technicians to help them get certifications and rise in the tiers experience.Purpose – We have a mission and a culture that every employee is strongly invested in working towards because we hand-picked people that love what they do. It’s the difference between people in a row boat rowing as they see fit, and people rowing the same direction.Benefits – Our benefits are some of the best around. We have awesome health insurance and a great PTO policy. We have an Awesome Teammate Bonus, where employees nominate other employees weekly. Each full-time employee has a monthly personal and team bonus with specific targets for performance, so you always know how you’re doing.A bit more about what we do:McLane Intelligent Solutions (MIS) is fast-growing and dynamic managed services provider located in Bell county in Central Texas. We provide a broad range of outsourced IT including design, installation, support, maintenance and consulting services to the SMB market. We have a rising need for smart, talented, hard-working, and capable team members who love challenges, want to know they are making a difference every day, and want to join a fast-paced, demanding and fun team of professionals.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
In Discoveroom we have a grand vision:  to change the hospitality industry byproviding travelers with more  and easily booked accommodation choices, that match their individual needs and style.providing lodging owners with free tools to manage and market their properties efficiently and effectively.This is a difficult undertaking but in a vast market and with very promising outcomes. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Inviting inspirational individualsWe’re fast becoming a world-class company, making a massive impact to charities. We’re looking for top talent to join our growing London and Nottingham offices.5 Reasons to work for Raising IT1. Be part of a fast-moving tech companyWe love driving forwards innovation and everyone in the team contributes ideasWe’re still a small team, making a big difference2. Work with leading charitiesOur client list includes leading charities such as RSPCA, Macmillan and UNICEFEarn what you would elsewhere, but make millions for causes that count too3. Make a massive impact in the worldThe charity space is really struggling as government funding is decreasingThe future is web and social media and we are leading the way4. Have a huge opportunity not just a jobWe are onto something big, you will be a big part of it, not a corporate clogOur products have already hugely successful, but this is just the beginning5. Join a great, fun and friendly teamOur team is driven by the difference we are makingWe are passionate people that know how to work hard and have a good time
Simworx is acknowledged as one of the world’s leaders in the supply of 4D Effects Cinemas and Motion Simulation Attractions, for the entertainment, education &amp; corporate markets, worldwide. Its skills and capabilities extend from full turnkey solutions, custom attractions, product development, manufacturing &amp; service support, to film content, motion programming &amp; complete themed attractions. Our clients have access to a vast film library, with hugely varied subject content.Backed by Venture Capital and growing at a tremendous rate, we take pride in our company culture, work environment and exiting projects. 
We’re not doctors. We are geeks who understand doctors.                               Been to the doctor lately? Ever thought it odd that the experience is almost exactly the same as it was 20 years ago? Isn’t it a bit odd that in this world of iPads and always-on Internet you still have to wait 30 minutes to see the doctor, at which point (s)he’ll write down your notes on (heaven forbid) paper? And what if you’re referred from one doctor to another and they need to access your old records? In a world where you can watch any listen to any song ever recorded in just a couple clicks on a computer that fits in your pocket, people shouldn't be dying because they were given medicine they were allergic to in the emergency room because the ER doctor didn’t have access to the patient’s medical records. We have done the seemingly impossible, an application that doesn’t change the doctors' workflow yet manages their patient records electronically. We’re all about doctor user experience (yes it’s very different from normal user experience, trust us). We’re funded, loved by doctors and having a blast! Want to get in early on something really, really big? We don’t discriminate. You can be an alien from outer space with a tubular green body, hemispherical head and no ears, if we like you, we’ll take care of your visas in Singapore, get you alien food, alien gadgets, nerf balls, cute frogs, and lemon tea. We’re a small company with a great culture that values curiosity as much as performance, a fantastic work environment (which you can contribute to!), health insurance, a competitive salary, and meaningful equity in the company. We’re located in the heart of town, Clarke quay! We’re surrounded by restaurants that challenge your taste buds every day, and…We’re a stone’s throw away from the best bars in town.If you want to change the world and help bring doctors and medical care for the average person into the 21st century come talk with us.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
21st century financial software, in the cloudFundApps is a startup that helps investment managers comply with worldwide regulation. Our competition is stuck in the dark ages when it comes to software development. Slow, clunky, complicated user interfaces which look like they were designed by crazy scientists are the norm and we're shaking up an entire industry by providing beautiful &amp; intuitive web-based software. We think that practices like continuous delivery, agile development and aiming for craftsmanlike coding enables us to move faster than our competitors whilst delivering better software.We’ve already grown a stellar customer base for our product Rapptr, despite our small size (8 of us right now) - but we’re most excited about the challenges that lie ahead. We want to keep learning, have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes – all in the name of delivering better experiences for customers.Join usYou’ll be part of a team that cares passionately about delivering a great product and quality software. Our goal is to let you do your best work. You’ll be empowered to make choices and trusted to get things done.You’ll care about your craft and have a hunger to learn new skills and improve your existing ones. While we have .NET at the core of our stack, we’re pragmatic about other technologies and open-minded about your technology background.You enjoy collaborating as part of a team and are passionate and approachable; we hope we manage to be the same.
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
At HoneyBook we’re re-imagining the events industry and building a product that is already changing the world for some of the top event planning celebrities in the nation. We’re a well-funded and growing team of 20, passionate about creating the happiest customers in the world. Inevitably this involves a lot of champagne and macaroons, but it’s always our gorgeously designed product that generates the most smiles.
Praxis Life Sciences is a dynamic project management and consultancy practice servicing the life sciences industry. Praxis drives business improvement at pharmaceutical, medical device, and related companies through unique methods and knowledge applied by experienced, dedicated experts.Praxis is known in the industry for successfully navigating the demands and complexities of a changing regulatory marketplace. We specialize in helping businesses operate at maximum potential.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Executive search and recruitment agency, providing successful high growth organizations with highly talented, skilled, in-demand professionals
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Nubis is at the edge of cloud app development. The company is creating an innovative cloud platform for managing data in a whole new way. Nubis Cloud Platform, changes the way business and web site content is stored and managed. This new management system allows you to create functionality through an easy-to-use UI, keeping the need for programming to a minimum.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
TOPOSOPHY is an integrated destination management &amp; marketing agency. We provide tourism organizations, associations and companies (both public and private) with practical solutions to develop, manage and market places as tourism destinations, accompanying them on every step of the way. We like to do things differently. We take a step back and study the whole place (place = 'topos' in Greek) with a critical but enthusiastic look at where the destination sits in the compared to its competitors, both near and far.Then, working closely with our clients, we create strategies to plan their place’s future, understand the latest industry conditions, engage their partners, involve the local community and reveal their place uniqueness in every form. Our services focus on offering complete solutions for destination strategy &amp; planning, place marketing &amp; branding (online and offline), market intelligence, trade marketing, advocacy &amp; government support, tailor-made to every place’s distinct needs.Our elite team of destination experts and tourism professionals combines extensive experience as practitioners, managing operations and many years of consultancy background with a passion to transform places into thriving destinations.We are strategic, we are creative, we are practical. Our philosophy is TOPOSOPHY.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
O|Miga is a different type of business services firm.  Founded by x-Big 4 partners, O|Miga offers accounting, payroll, human resources and other support services specifically tailored to the needs of small and mid-sized entrepreneurial businesses. We provide these services in a way that is more practical, efficient and cost effective, than traditional firms; by a team of experienced professionals that thrive on working with dynamic growing clients.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
At Roll the Clip we reinvent photo sharing.
AGOGO creates a personalized audio channel by bringing together your favorite programming -- news, entertainment, sports, and more -- with your premium music services, personalized traffic, audio books, video programming, and much more. Curated from the freshest, most trusted sources, AGOGO helps you make the most out of every waking moment.AGOGO is looking for people who are media aware, know technology inside and out, who are ambitious, a team player, and looking to grow with a company.
StartTech Ventures is the investment &amp; incubation arm of the Materializing Innovation Group and has three functions: Seed Fund, Incubator and Business Angel Network. We build on the experience its people gained out of starting Virtual Trip, the first successful student start-up in Greece, spinning out more than 10 high-tech companies and creating a next generation startup accelerator via introducing the "Entrepreneurial Ecosystem" concept; supporting high-growth businesses to take advantage of economies of scale without compromising flexibility and strong entrepreneurial drive. Our portfolio includes amazing tech companies such as eFront e-Learning, AbZorba Games, TalentLMS, Psycholate and SOLO Gateway. We publish job openings both for the StartTech Ventures incubator and the CoLab Athens coworking space as well as for our posrtfolio companies.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Dairy, food and beverage processors work within one of the most complex, competitive and precision-driven industries.  They need a partner they can rely on to address their operational issues.  W.M. Sprinkman has been providing system design, engineering and installation as well as stainless steel manufacturing, maintenance and servicing of equipment for over 80 years.  The secret (foundation/ core) of our longevity is our incredibly talented and dedicated staff from sales to service, concepts to installation.  
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Embarke is increasing email opens and clicks for marketers by 5-20%...automatically.  We do this by performing behavior analysis on each user, which allows us to deliver messages that are optimized for each individual and sent at the time each person is most likely to engage.Ultimately, we don't just give marketers more clicks and revenue. We give consumers content they actually want to engage with, reducing their desire to click the delete or spam button! We’re TechStars + Microsoft Accelerator graduates, we’re funded, have great benefits, a kegerator, and a 5000 sqft collaborative work environment with great views of downtown San Diego.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We're artists, thinkers, and doers in an open, collaborative, and challenging environment. We love to work our hearts out, but we also love beanbags, wasabi peas, and yoga. We hope you do, too.What do we do? We develop interactive training content and mobile-friendly software apps that empower and educate employees and customers from hot new startups to Fortune 50 companies.
Delivering superior customer services for over 10 years, IBEX Global is a business process outsourcer offering an integrated suite of services that supports an expansive array of customer facing solutions.Headquartered in Washington, DC. IBEX Global delivers onshore, near shore and offshore solutions in 5 countries, across 18 call centers employing over 9000+ customer service professionals.  The recipient of several client and community awards such as the Goodwill Industries Employer of the Year, IBEX Global is one of the most forward thinking companies in the BPO industry.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
SocialTaste is a new, innovative platform, that allows you to accept food orders through your Facebook page!Contrary to other solutions that require you to have your own website and market it for your audience, socialTaste goes where your clients are: Their favorite social network!Our company, i-magic, has been in the area of web development for the last 14 years as of 2014
SEK Solutions is driven to be the #1 solutions provider for our customer's weapon storage, industrial storage, material handling &amp; logistics requirements. We are proud of the deep industry relationships we've developed over the years that allow us to offer our a broad selection of material handling equipment and supplies, as well as a variety of storage solutions.We are located in Virginia Beach, VA, where our employees enjoy the family-oriented communities and diverse recreational activities this area offers. We are a hard-working team committed to delivering excellent customer service; we also know how to enjoy a little fun while we are at it. We are growing rapidly and seek self starters with integrity and a willingness to succeed. If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, we encourage you to review and apply to any of our openings listed below.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
Fortune Brands creates products and services that help fulfill the dreams of homeowners and help people feel more secure. We’re fueled by a strong portfolio of brands and hold market leadership positions in all of our segments.We have much to be proud of since becoming an independent company in 2011. In 2013,we grew sales by 25% to $4.2 billion; strengthened our balance sheet and made our first strategic acquisition. We’ve delivered strong sales and profit growth, and have repeatedly demonstrated the strength of our operating model. We’ll continue to build on our momentum as the market for our products expands during the early stages of the housing market recovery. As a company, we are well-positioned for the next phase of our growth.
At SwiftStack, we build the cloud storage software that is used by some of the most well known brands on the Internet, in media and entertainment, financial services and life sciences. You'll like working here. We're a small company, in the early stages of growth. That means that you'll have the liberty to make a lot of choices, and the decisions you make will be meaningful. We're big enough to offer stability and good benefits (e.g. medical, vision, dental, 401K and commuter), but small enough that you'll know everyone and contribute everywhere. We're serious but casual, agile but judicious, confident but broad-minded. We've got a talented team that's just waiting for you to join us.
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
ERG is a business and consumer law firm dedicated to helping its clients navigate the BP Claims Process. Almost every type of business on the west coast of Florida, and many individuals and professionals, may be qualified to particpate under this new BP funded program established as of June 4, 2012. The purpose of the program is to help Florida businesses and consumers recover from the direct and indirect impacts of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, and ERG and its team of lawyers and financial professionals are dedicated to ensuring that all of those impacted receive the quality representation they deserve. The ability to file a claim is time limited, so investigate your rights today to ensure that the intended benefits of the program are realized as Florida's economy continues to struggle. Visit #URL_70030a244afb9e0151ea2dcb7fe41f3026a714b37eef7f5e2494abafa40ae1fa# for more about ERG and whether you or your company may have a claim.
Urban Robotics Inc. provides cutting edge software and hardware solutions for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Remote Sensing and Geospatial applications. Products include aerial EO and NearIR digital sensor systems, high performance aerial and ground computer clusters, and automated algorithms and services for generating fast turn-around 3D orthorectified maps.
The front door to most businesses is online. Connectivity allows business owners know every first impression. We are passionate about providing customer intelligence solutions to business owners. Connectivity is a rapidly growing venture backed technology company… We think big and move fast. Please visit #URL_1fddf30a8cda1e29d42a2add75f99d2c0cbda4e798c9de439800ef27d307e955# to learn more. Proven leadership team with extensive startup experience.Currently has 92,000+ paying customers on their SaaS platform and growing.Raised $6.35M in a Series A funding round led by proven venture capital investors and angels including:Proven venture capital firms, Greycroft Partners (#URL_e92f987773d20ba70d8539741ac1f9e142610a3a12331737e85f0700395bbc90#)Rincon Ventures (#URL_f7f868790176237852cc0f3074e41e211c3d7742082c0e8a4621269786a55a65#)Daher Capital (#URL_f31cd231df8a07ac7db3f10f35e02185990af8490ab3102628cd870d073671b8#)Double M Partners (#URL_a6f4784a8d2cf3465d52ecd2c7bbe998421c215299e46ae85c16d4375d11c289#)TenOneTen Ventures (#URL_10907ca068f4b651c315af4a1cc391400769b3ebd69cd834f8c3974aa67e39f7#)Eytan Elbaz (#URL_affdeedbfaf2b202ec2d696d87161f266be36f3da8ecf80dd67cdac1f4ba9738#)Team of 24+ with plans to grow to 60+ by end of year.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
LHBS is an unconventional strategy firm with office in Berlin, Copenhagen and Vienna. We approach marketing and innovation challenges from an unconventional point of view: Not for the sake of being different but for the sake of delivering better opportunities, strategies and ideas for our clients.We have no departments. We mobilize the right teams at the right time for the right job. Our teams work in continuous collaboration from the beginning to the end. Challenging our assumptions and ourselves, pushing ourselves further to look beyond cookie cutter solutions. To deliver outcomes that genuinely surprise and excite our clients.We are a diverse group from many ethnic backgrounds, education and experience. We take on each project with enthusiasm, excitement and an uncompromising commitment to total quality. Explore our services and how we generate value for clients.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Cloud 66 helps Devs and Ops deploy their applications on any public cloud. With Cloud 66, developers can deploy their web applications, mobile backends or APIs to their own servers on any cloud and benefit from load balancers, DB backups and replication, firewall management, team access control and much more.
StudyHall creates opportunities for college, university students, and recent graduates, to work with the best companies in America - such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and more.  Our project-based internships allow students to work remotely on various projects such as Adwords, Writing, SEO, Video production, Wordpress, Photoshop and Research.  But, the best part about StudyHall isn't just that you can do creative projects with mentors from amazing companies, but you can also earn money and show off your skills at the same time.  And if you do a great job, these companies can hire you full-time.APPLY NOW!#URL_4d9c394961f5f716f8dc7e4ba1431e46e14fa0d1018aa93d8b3019a56f1bcd65# (Click "Apply to Intern" on Homepage of #URL_ab309fb672a2b26317bd303c09c3c6762986d45c2bb1b4970cac579d697432e2#)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our CompanyAdcash® is an international advertising network that delivers billions of ad units each month reaching several millions of people around the globe. With a strong focus on the entertainment vertical, the network’s portfolio currently comprises over 90 000 websites that benefit from the company’s successful partnerships with a number of leading brands. The strength of the Adcash® platform lays in its cutting edge ad delivery technology and advanced internal tools.50 billion advertisements served in 2013Work in one of the top 100 biggest website in the worldEnjoy building great software used by a team of 50 personsImprove your skills by working on an interesting projectThe company’s headquarter is located in Tallinn (Estonia) with other branches in Queretaro (Mexico), Sofia (Bulgaria) and Paris (France).Our teamComing from very diverse cultural and geographical backgrounds, our team reflects perfectly the company’s image and global outlook.With a total of 9 nationalities represented, our 55+ team members bring not only an invaluable level of experience to the table, but also a diversity of thought instrumental in shaping the network’s identity.And so we can help you in: Bulgarian, Deutsch, English, Estonian, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish and Turkish!From hardcore techies to online advertising veterans and everything in between, our staff is comprised of committed professionals, who come from all corners of the industry, having worked with organizations such as Vodafone, Skype, Google, EA, Orange, Telcel and many others.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
SHC/The Arc of Medina County is a great place to start or continue your career. Whether you’re interested in direct care, administrative, teaching computer skills or many other types of work, there is likely a career for you at SHC/The Arc.As a nonprofit organization serving people with disabilities, SHC/The Arc’s more than 200 employees serve people in Medina and Ashland Counties in Ohio. You’ll be joining a team committed to providing the highest quality programs with an emphasis on the health, safety, and respect of those we serve.If you are looking for a career in which you can make a difference in people’s lives, then join our talented, motivated, hard-working staff and share their passion for serving others.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
Casper is a sleep startup that re-imagines the experience of purchasing a mattress. We launched in April 2014 with an outrageously comfortable mattress designed by former IDEO and NASA product engineers and sold directly to consumers – eliminating commission-driven, inflated prices. We provide free shipping with delivery right to your door in a mini-fridge sized box and a 100 days money-back policy. We generated over $1 million in 28 days following our launch and have raised nearly $15m in venture funding led by NEA with participation from leading investors including Lerer Ventures, SV Angel, and Ashton Kutcher.
We Focus on building a better community around a "Healthy Active Lifesyle".
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Qrator is a visual (web &amp; mobile) platform that connects a wide range of creative professionals (artisans, craftmen, fashion professionals, barbers, bakers, chefs, baristas, street artists, to name but a few) with prospects and people sharing the same culture and interests.Qrator currently enables creative professionals to showcase their work and culture. Upon reach of a critical mass of professionals and prospects, Qrator plans to launch a variety of freemium branding services that will assist professionals grow fast their social and professional network and generate sales of their goods and services.Qrator is targeted at 3.5 million of the world’s most talented Creators (creative professionals) and 320 million passionate people about creativity and innovation. We estimate each Creator is most likely to spend an average of $880 per annum in digital marketing services. Qrator’s addressable market is expected to exceed $3 billion, spent by the world’s Creators in digital marketing services per annum.Qrator is a UK company, lead by its founder &amp; CEO Nikolas Ioannidis, a successful hospitality en- trepreneur and former technologist. Nikolas is leading a team of 6, consisting of the CTO, a Lead Designer, a Senior IOS/back-end Developer, a Senior front-end Developer, Community Curator and a Recommender Systems Consultant. Nikolas disposes of a substantial number of contacts in the media and creative industry around the globe. Qrator’s R&amp;D department is located in Greece (Athens and Chania). Qrator is establishing a team of Local Community Curators in key cities from around the globe.Qrator is currently in private beta phase, aiming to launch end of October 2014 and targetting to acquire within September 2015, 10K talented Creators and 1M prospects, from 10 key cities from around the world.Qrator just raised a Seed round funding. 
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Formed in 2006, Saul&amp;Partners is an executive search consulting firm specialising in talent management for permanent staff and interim consultants. We provide search services for vertical niche markets of Risk Management within Banking, Asset Management, FS and Online Digital Media industries. We search for executives from Business through to Sales, Business Development, Risk (OpRisk/Market/Credit), Treasury, ALM, Balance Sheet Management, Operations and Compliance.Our consultants draw on the expertise of Saul&amp;Partners to ensure we achieve the best job matches in the market.
Carr Gomm is one of Scotland’s leading care organisations. Everything we do is shaped by our core values of choice, control, interdependence, openness &amp; honesty, and respect. We are a registered charity and not-for-profit company: we put people first, not profits.We operate a wide range of services across the country in partnership with local authorities, other social care providers and housing associations, and private individuals. We are committed to providing the highest standard of person-centred care and support; we treat each person we support as an individual and tailor their support to meet their needs.Carr Gomm is proud of its staff team and committed to being an excellent employer. We provide extensive training and support to our staff, as well as career progression opportunities. We hold an Investors in People Award and are an SQA approved centre.  Carr Gomm attracts people from all walks of life - some with extensive social care experience, and some who are new to the sector. Our approach is simple - if you share our values and are committed to making a difference in the lives of others, we can provide all the training and support required.
Blue Dot HR works with some of the best small businesses in New Zealand. 
VSO brings people together to fight poverty by delivering innovative development programmes in 36 of the poorest countries in the world. Through our volunteers, we harness the talents, enthusiasm and skills of ordinary people to bring about lasting change.
Even though we’ve been industry leaders for years, we’ve never lost sight of our primary goal: to serve and protect our clients and their families, and create opportunities for our employees. It’s what drives us every day.We take that mission seriously, and believe that while WHAT we do improves our clients’ and our representatives’ lives, HOW we do it sets us apart from other industry providers. We protect the families we serve – and provide the peace of mind that comes from knowing you’re insulated from life’s unforeseen twists and turns. We offer the security that lets you sleep at night, with our personal commitment to go above and beyond in search of the solutions you need.We love our work, and we love the people we work with, so it makes it easy and fun – to do the best, and be the best we can – let us show you how we can be of help to you!
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
The idea behind Zingle was conceived by its founder, Ford Blakely. He was tired of waiting in long lines every morning at his local coffee shop for his "single shot, soy mocha, 2 pumps, no whip". An avid texter, Ford couldn't believe businesses did not have a way to receive text messages. Ford bought a cell phone for the coffee shop to keep by the register so he could text his order in each morning.I hate 2 wait for most anything!"The idea quickly caught on and out-grew the capability of a cell phone. He thought, if he saves 15 minutes each morning by texting in his order, then more businesses could benefit from texting. Working with operators, Ford then created Zingle, a business text solution that allows customers to text a business (or automatically print the text request) and responds to customers with a confirmation, while also keeping a log of all recent requests and conversations.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
OUR EMPLOYEES DRIVE OUR BUSINESSA challenging career awaits you at IBEX Global. A market-oriented approach to work, stimulating assignments, and a high-performance culture make our work environment demanding but exceptionally fulfilling. We offer flexible work schedules and an opportunity for associates to be as independent as their ambition and personal commitments allow them to be. Compensation and professional rewards are competitive and commensurate with performance and work ethic.Our work culture is characterized by employee satisfaction initiatives because great customer interactions are only possible with motivated individuals. We leverage the diversity and tenacity of our employees to foster a competitive but team-oriented environment. Group activities, community outreach and business strategy retreats are integral parts of our culture.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
airfy prägt sicheres und einfach zu bedienendes Kunden WLAN für Unternehmen. Werde Teil eines stetig wachsenden Unternehmens und genieße eine produktive Arbeitsumgebung mit hochtalentierten, offenen und dynamischen Kollegen.Du hast bei uns die Möglichkeit von Anfang an selbstständig zu arbeiten, Verantwortung zu übernehmen und uns tatkräftig bei der Erreichung unserer Ziele zu unterstützen: WLAN everywhere for everyone.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
We believe clients need a business partner who gets their business, gets the uniqueness of their culture and gets their brand. A partner who can create BIG revenue generating ideas, and in the same day, execute the minutiae of experiential programs flawlessly. We are TraffikGroup. A different kind of company. A different agency experience.Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.
Picfair is an investment-backed startup in the heart of east London's tech scene, changing the way the image industry works. For decades, images have been sold by agencies who fix prices and take the lion's share of profits. Picfair is a pure, open-to-all image marketplace where photographers, both amateur and professional – control the prices of their images, and get what they ask for.Picfair was founded by Benji Lanyado, a journalist for the Guardian and the New York Times who quit his job and learned how to code in order to build the site. Since launch 11 months ago, Picfair has attracted thousands of photographers in 62 countries across the world to upload their stunning images to the site, and Picfair images have already been licensed for business websites, newspaper front pages, and prints for people's walls.
Cision gives marketing and communications professionals the tools they need to identify, understand and engage with the influencers in their markets.By providing the best suite of integrated tools for marketers, for SEOs, for community managers, for PRs we work with brands like Ogilvy, #URL_d031e54b8558ee3cb2835cf103daa8f7175568227ca47c39671ad70740eb168e#, Google and Volkswagen to help them power their story.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Places Senior Technology and Data professionals nationwide with a focus on Software Engineering, Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing, Cloud Computing, DevOps, and Security.Preferred Member of the Top Echelon Network, a professional group of over 600 partner firms, providing access to thousands of positions and candidates nationwide.Subscribe and View OpportunitiesAnalytic Search Group, LLC174 Nassau Street, #301Princeton, NJ 08542(609) 895-9888
Based in San Francisco with a development office in Budapest, Hungary, Secret Sauce Partners enables the world's largest ecommerce companies to provide the best shopping experiences online. Our products are branded and built into ecommerce web sites and are actively used by over 40 million users. We are well funded, fun, dynamic and growing fast. Join us!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Declara is focused on bringing data to life. Our technology platform uses machine learning, search, algorithms and recommendations to develop learning paths for individuals, making learning a constant discovery.Learning isn't just our product, it's what we do everyday. Work with a small focused team. You'll push and be pushed. Tackle the toughest technical challenges as you create products that can transform organizations across the globe. Do something meaningful. We're changing how the world nurtures and develops talent. We are located in Palo Alto, Boise and Mexico.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Inviting inspirational individualsWe’re fast becoming a world-class company, making a massive impact to charities. We’re looking for top talent to join our growing London and Nottingham offices.5 Reasons to work for Raising IT1. Be part of a fast-moving tech companyWe love driving forwards innovation and everyone in the team contributes ideasWe’re still a small team, making a big difference2. Work with leading charitiesOur client list includes leading charities such as RSPCA, Macmillan and UNICEFEarn what you would elsewhere, but make millions for causes that count too3. Make a massive impact in the worldThe charity space is really struggling as government funding is decreasingThe future is web and social media and we are leading the way4. Have a huge opportunity not just a jobWe are onto something big, you will be a big part of it, not a corporate clogOur products have already hugely successful, but this is just the beginning5. Join a great, fun and friendly teamOur team is driven by the difference we are makingWe are passionate people that know how to work hard and have a good time
amvinc is one of the leading staffing companies in detroit michigan usa 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We are a PR and social media agency that goes ALL IN to create campaigns people can't stop talking about for major consumer brands. 
Declara is focused on bringing data to life. Our technology platform uses machine learning, search, algorithms and recommendations to develop learning paths for individuals, making learning a constant discovery.Learning isn't just our product, it's what we do everyday. Work with a small focused team. You'll push and be pushed. Tackle the toughest technical challenges as you create products that can transform organizations across the globe. Do something meaningful. We're changing how the world nurtures and develops talent. We are located in Palo Alto, Boise and Mexico.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Do you want to be part of a services company with both a proven record of success and planned growth? TriNet is a leading provider of a comprehensive human resources solution for small to medium-sized businesses. We enhance business productivity as a human resources partner, managing HR so clients can focus on operating and growing their core business. Our HR solution includes payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health and retirement plans and workers’ compensation. Our services are delivered by our expert teams of HR professionals and enabled by our proprietary, cloud-based technology platform, which allows clients and employees to efficiently conduct HR transactions anytime and anywhere.TriNet partners with more than 8,800 clients and 230,000+ employees. We’ve been on the Inc. 500|5000, a list of the fastest-growing privately-held U.S. companies for six consecutive years. Now we want to add you to our team of more than 1,800 colleagues across the U.S.
Jiffy Worldwide is the parent company of the Jiffy Group of Companies.   Jiffy operates a mobile application development company, a telecommunications company, a cellular telephone service in Canada and the US, amoung other ventures.   Jiffy employs nearly 500 employees and contractors globally.  
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Christopherson Business Travel is the independently owned leader in intelligent business travel management, online travel tools, and business travel resources. Ranked as the 11th largest business travel agency in the US, operating from four full-service locations (Salt Lake City, UT; Denver, CO; San Francisco, CA; Birmingham, AL) as well as 35 client-dedicated on-site locations, Christopherson employs more than 325 travel professionals and supports $384 million in annual travel bookings for more than 950+ companies and organizations across the country. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Money is a person-to-person money transfer app designed to simplify how people send money home to their friends and family abroad.Moni makes sending money as easy as sending a text message. It allows users to send money to a mobile number anywhere in the world. Anyone with a UK bank account and a UK mobile phone can download the Moni app and start sending money.It is a simple, convenient and secure way to send money in seconds without having to remember sort codes, or the account and IBAN numbers required for cross border payments. The founders were heads of Google Mobile and Yahoo! Mobile product team and is backed by TechStars - the #1 startup accelerator in the world. #URL_29641dd1fe6b250cedc9a7e61653352605c8b70d0aa132a1c94919ff5df7b578#We share space with other startups at 8 Warner Yard, EC1R 5EY 
Street Solutions, Inc. (SSI) develops software solutions for the secondary loan market.  Our clients are some of the most successful investment banks, hedge funds, and mortgage companies in the world. We're solidly profitable, with a transparent and relaxed small company environment, competitive pay, numerous perks, and a management team that is committed to providing our people with all the tools they need to succeed.
Blue Dot HR works with some of the best small businesses in New Zealand. 
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
At Nobilissimus Apps, we love creating apps people will love &amp; we enjoy every single moment of the process. Only then it makes sense. We intend to bring into life many great ideas &amp; we invest in even more.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Forward3D is the largest independent digital marketing agency in Britain. We run cutting edge digital marketing campaigns across paid search, natural search, display and social by using industry-leading linguistics and technology. Our localisation and origination service, Locaria, allows us to scale our clients' campaigns and content internationally. We cover an unequalled range of languages and have experience of running marketing campaigns in over 40 markets to date. Our in-house team of linguists localise content, keywords and copy to support the expansion of our clients’ businesses on a global scale. We started life in 2005 as “Traffic Broker”, an affiliate risking our own money. In the last nine years we have grown to over 200 in-house analysts, serving some of the world’s biggest brands and achieving ten million clicks per day, across 60 markets and in 45 languages. “Innovate every day” is our mantra, combined with an affinity for data and insightful analysis. We’ve stayed ahead of the curve by providing industry-leading apps and tech infrastructure to support our analysts. Forward3D is part of The Forward Internet Group - a fast-growing business with a portfolio of innovative brands that employs over 200 people in our Camden, New York, Shanghai and Seoul offices. As well as doubling revenues year on year for the last four years, we’ve picked up several accolades including The Sunday Times Tech Track 100, Deloitte Technology Fast 50 and National Business Awards.
Embarke is increasing email opens and clicks for marketers by 5-20%...automatically.  We do this by performing behavior analysis on each user, which allows us to deliver messages that are optimized for each individual and sent at the time each person is most likely to engage.Ultimately, we don't just give marketers more clicks and revenue. We give consumers content they actually want to engage with, reducing their desire to click the delete or spam button! We’re TechStars + Microsoft Accelerator graduates, we’re funded, have great benefits, a kegerator, and a 5000 sqft collaborative work environment with great views of downtown San Diego.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
About Jeri Davis InternationalWe are distinguished by the 80+ years combined experience of our senior level consultants and associates.  JDi’s hands-on experience provides an unparalleled depth and breadth of healthcare knowledge, networking capability and contacts which we bring to every assignment.  JDi stands apart due to the results achieved and the confidence clients develop working with us.JDi’s 20+ year success record is at your service to:Recruit top-notch executives quickly and efficientlyAccelerate revenue through our Total Solutions© Revenue Enhancement Program©Create first-rate sales teamsTransform sluggish sales and marketing efforts into to “high octane” performance-driven campaignsBrand and rebrand companies and product linesLaunch and sustain Web campaignsWhatever your needs, JDi can either provide you with services or refer you to those who can.  Call us today to plan for your next big success.
Nitor Infotech is an Information Technology company specialized in providing consulting and technology services in the areas of Business intelligence, collaboration, portals and performance management domain. Nitor Infotech does so by out-innovating themselves by providing efficient and cost effective solutions and by contributing to the improved business performance of its customers.We work with product organizations, consulting firms and professional services companies. Our skill areas include a niche competency on SharePoint technologies, SQL Server Business Intelligence and Performance Point Services.Our business model is to provide offshore based technology and business services to our customers.We are a Gold Certified partner of Microsoft. We provide the following application services – SaaS application development, cloud based development, Testing Services, application development and Support and Maintenance.Nitor InfoTech is SSAE 16 SOC 2 Type 1 Certified organization.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Citymart helps cities to transform their communities by strengthening their innovation capacity and sharing inspiring solutions and methods. We do this by helping cities to introduce problem-based procurement methods, which help engage a much wider community of vendors in solving urban and social challenges. As a result, cities invest less public resources to greater societal effect and increase local job creation through more entrepreneurship. To-date, we have completed more than 90 such programs with over 50 cities worldwide. 
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Zoottle is a startup founded by IT, Telco and Web services veterans with worldwide sales, marketing and services experience. Zoottle's mobile solutions enable its clients to capture customer information, improve customer engagement, analyse relevant metrics and increase revenues.  In Zoottle, we aim towards combining efficiency, results and customer satisfaction while at the same time maintaining a fun, open and cozy work environment.Zoottle has offices in London, UK and Athens, Greece.
PGI is a fast growing organic herb/spice/botanicals importing and production company that utilizes extensive food safety, handling and management practices to insure a quality product. 
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Hi!We are Monterail. A team of Ruby developers and designers who build meaningful software every day. We are looking for savvy people to join our team and help us build a better web.Learn more: #URL_074ed509d4e2d0cd70102126310076f09d8d71232d9d760bb7de93f50b88d7f6#
At Total Eclipse we create fun, original, and addictive games that are easy to learn yet hard to master. We have a strong history of game releases, with 9 shipped games in 10 years, across different genres and #URL_d09fcd5154ef7c470dcdf6a9151af4f73dbcc5bda134912e2dedf1da67449c12# purpose is to ‘Popularise Play’; we want to get more people to enjoy games as we believe that there is a potential gamer in each one of us.This is a truly exciting time for Total Eclipse! We are growing, and we intend to become one of the top brands in multiplatform casual gaming. Are you ready to be part of a small and agile team with a great vision? Then keep reading!Are we a good match?Every new addition to the team helps define Total Eclipse’s future, so we want to make sure we would be a good match for each other.  We have many of the good qualities of a startup, such as low bureaucracy and a flat hierarchy, a flexible, open working space and a motivated, talented team which aims to make millions of people’s lives more fun. We also have heaps of experience, having survived and thrived for years in a fiercely competitive environment. We embrace creativity, innovation, high quality, cooperation, teamwork and openness. We are not secretive; we enjoy exchanging knowledge not only among the team, but also with fellow game developers. Our industry changes rapidly and we must always stay on the cutting edge. We thirst for knowledge and have a passion for honing our skills and improving ourselves. We are team players, and are looking for more nice people who enjoy working as part of a tight team. We also value constructive feedback; it is a powerful tool to help make us and our games, better.  If you think in a similar way, you will feel right at home working with us. Take a look at our current openings and get in touch! Find out more about our company ethos!
NuORDER is the fast-growing, venture-backed startup changing the way a $130 billion industry does business.  An enterprise-class, wholesale e-commerce application for the fashion industry, NuORDER helps brands run their businesses in a smarter, smoother, more efficient way.  NuORDER is an innovative two-way sales solution and marketplace that allows brands and retailers to conduct their wholesale business online.  Eliminating the need for pen and paper, the cloud-based platform empowers brands to sell more in less time and allows retailers to make purchases more effectively.  In short, NuORDER is e-commerce for wholesale. Highlights Raised $13M+ in funding from top tier investors and industry veterans.Upfront Ventures (#URL_b16dc87b632726fe0c1c6c01c01d38e93f1fcf0414f6cf77caa60bd74b9c5ba1#) Greycroft Partners (#URL_e92f987773d20ba70d8539741ac1f9e142610a3a12331737e85f0700395bbc90#)Creative Artists Agency (www.caa.com)Cowboy Ventures (#URL_719340aef4872adc9cafd8b369168c5a0fce6645fb5a8149fb38b31ed893afc2#)Rachel Zoe (#URL_52b5abba2c7b281b3a6eb79e7e95d54175c4b8ef1b7bc7e204e2dc64b3eebd1e#) In under 2 years the company has scaled to working with over 500+ leading fashion bands and over 80,000 registered retailers.NuORDER’s raison d’être - To streamline and simplify fashion e-commerce. Join the revolution.
LADezign is a SEO/SEM firm located both in Los Angeles and Phoenix, Arizona.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
Interactive Strategies is a boutique digital agency whose strength lies in understanding the complex relationship that exists between strategy, design, content, usability, technology and marketing. By addressing each of these areas equally, we create meaningful web experiences that provide a measurable return for our clients. Each principal at Interactive Strategies comes from a large agency background where they helped shape online strategies for leading firms, including First USA/Bank One, DuPont, Accenture, Bacardi, Budget/Avis, Royal Caribbean, Ford and more. Now working together, each member of Interactive Strategies’ team is committed to providing superior client service and attention to detail.
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Openfund is a seed investment fund, working with technology companies that deliver innovative software products.Our portfolio companies are growing fast, constantly creating jobs that offer intellectual challenge, great career potential and exposure to world-class work practices. Ambitious people with a passion for what they do and a commitment to make it happen are always in high demand.If you'd like to work for a startup, you're in the right place. Openfund portfolio founders keep an eye on applications submitted here to pick outstanding individuals for new hires they wish to make. If you think you have what it takes, check out our current openings.
WillDom is a top notch IT Outsourcing Business Ecosystem, where each member contributes in creating world class value. With offices in Silicon Valley, Buenos Aires and Bolivia we work with the most demanding clients in the US, Europe and Latin America.
Pioneering advanced analytics vendor RapidMiner is redefining how business analysts use Big Data to predict the future. With an open source heritage, RapidMiner is one of today’s most widely known and used predictive analytics platforms, providing powerful solutions for a wide variety of industries.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Controller Chaos opened for business in early 2008 to fill a void we saw in the gaming world - quality modded controllers. Our goal wasn’t just to provide gamers with quality controllers that were outfitted with all the latest technology, we wanted to provide gamers with the largest selection of modded controllers AND back it with exceptional customer service.Since then, we have grown almost as quickly as our customer base has. We have established ourselves as an industry leader and are accredited by the Better Business Bureau as a registered corporation in the state of Missouri. 
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Community Action Partnership of Ramsey &amp; Washington Counties (Community Action) was established in 1964 as a program of the War on Poverty. Community Action Agencies became the service delivery arm of the Federal Office of Economic Opportunity. As the only continuously funded anti-poverty program in the country, our mission is to reduce poverty and its impact on people in Ramsey and Washington counties.Community Action is involved in grassroots public policy and community engagement activities, such as voter registration drives, legislative hearings, advocacy and education activities. 
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
We build digital companies with creative technology.Backbone is a digital web agency that specializes in developing dynamic and interactive websites and web-based applications.Founded over 10 years ago in Vancouver, B.C., our business has since grown to include offices in Bogotá and Athens. We are experts in digital strategy, world-class web development and design, as well as producing effective content and managing cutting-edge social media campaigns.We take enormous pride in the relationships we share with our clients, and that we always provide outstanding service with a local feel to companies that span the globe.SpecialtiesCustom Development, Web Design, Online Strategy, eCommerce Strategy, CMS, SEO, Social Media Marketing, BrandingWebsite: #URL_9e1e5adb24c4fa64bf5850ee9b958be93a7a2c5bc8d283d849ebc97ee1a14347#
#URL_31fdc354999cbb96507ebbe4e9c4aa7eed5edd0dd1c0816b36e0f4c681f01fac# is a marketplace for Bitcoin, everyone’s favourite cryptocurrency. The site is one of the most popular person-to-person bitcoin exchange places in the world, now growing at the pace of 1000 new users a day. As Bitcoin is a currency without borders, so is our site: the users come from over 200 different countries.LocalBitcoins Oy, the parent company of the site, is cash flow positive, bootstrapped and has not raised any venture capital yet.Currently we have four people working full-time on the site, and several freelancers/contractors. We are looking to grow explosively. Our goal is to bring Bitcoin everywhere in the world. We need the most ambitious and brightest minds to achieve this. International background is a big plus as all of our customers are and will be outside Finland.Our offices are located at Kalasatama area, Helsinki, named as one of the hottest startup cities by Wired Magazine. We wish that you could be present at the office at least two weeks per month, except for international support personnel who can work in their corresponding countries.As we are a startup, our positions are more directional than specific. Flexibility, ability to step out from your comfort zone and open-mindedness is a good attitude for this job. Also interest in Bitcoin and similar crypto-tech is definitely a plus!
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
 Who is Ramberg Associates? Ramberg Associates is a specialist medical recruitment consultancy based in, Sydney, Australia, that is fast becoming a widely respected provider of health care professionals world-wide. Ramberg’s team works closely with public and private hospitals to deliver the best medical practitioners across a broad range of specialities and sub-specialities. Our commitment to excellence in supplying services to clients and candidates means we are rapidly expanding in the Australian and New Zealand markets. Our success has led us to plan office bases in the UK, North America and the United Arab Emirates in the coming year. Through our broad network of clients and candidates Ramberg Associates is building its reputation on the ability to place the right person in the right place on a consistent basis in as many places in the world as possible. Medical staff recruited by Ramberg Associates Medical staff on Ramberg Associates’ exclusive database range from resident house offices, senior consultant physicians and medical directors to allied health professionals and nurses. We recruit across all specialities and sub specialties. These include: AnaesthesiaAccident &amp; EmergencyCardiologyCardiothoracicENTGeneral SurgeryGeriatricsHaematologyObstetrician and GynaecologyOrthopaedicsOncologyPaediatrics/neonatologyPsychiatryNeurologyRadiologyRenalUrologyGPsRamberg medical staff have broad international experience with training and certification gained in the United Kingdom, United States, Ireland, South Africa, the Dominions, Canada, as well as Australia and New Zealand. These staff are rigorously screened and reference checked to ensure their qualifications are of the highest calibre. The Ramberg Associates team believed it’s a privilege to benefit the communities where our medical staff work, therefore we take the time to discuss with them their goals, aspirations and needs so they are placed in positions that bring the best outcome for themselves, their families and communities that employ them. Our services include: Sourcing appropriate medical staff for permanent and locum positionsThoroughly screening and reference checking candidatesEnsuring the integrity of our medical staffs’ intentions to commit to positions they acceptGuiding and coordinating medical council registrationAssisting with immigrationRetained search and selectionAssisting in guiding medical staff in their relocation
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
Mashape is the largest, most trafficked API marketplace/hub in the world.Mashape is a revenue generating startup powering thousands of APIs (both private and public) and Applications - it’s used in almost 100 countries by thousands of developers and adopted in every major industry including finance, healthcare, military, agriculture, insurance, government, media, e-commerce, retail, aviation, manufacturing and telecom.Mashape is funded by tier 1 VC firms including Index Ventures, NEA, CRV, Stanford University, Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Franq is a POS development house. We are part of a larger business called ImPOS.We provide point of sale solutions to small, medium and large businesses. We have existing POS software, developed in-house, that is super successful in the market - that is ImPOS. We also have Franq, which is what you will be working on. You won't find Franq online at this time. To get an idea of our business visit #URL_1d39a178fee9b20e8796bd3a7c2c6d3bad02606fae20fb4516f251915b70a7d0# and then have a look around the rest of the site.
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
CloudSymphony is a leading European Salesforce Consulting Partner. Over the past two years, CloudSymphony has built an enviable reputation and is now the leading Salesforce Foundation Partner in the UK and the most recommended Partner to the UK Charity and Education sectors.
Working at FBNAt FBN, we put farmers first. For every decision we make, we consider its impact on farmers big and small. Only after this has been considered will we consider the impact of our decisions on FBN, followed by our fellow team members, and finally ourselves. Before making a decision, we listen to farmers and learn about how implementing it will impact them.While making a decision or working on a project, we prefer working in small teams to make sure our employees feel empowered and own their decisions. Finally, after our decisions are made, we communicate those decisions to our farmers and to the rest of the team.FBN employees are a diverse group with a common passion for agriculture. We respect humility, value honesty, and despise entitlement. We see farmers as hackers and entrepreneurs, able to fix things with duct tape and baling wire while predicting the weather and analysing their financial position on the commodities market. Just like farmers, we believe that if something is broken, it’s better to fix it than to complain about it.All FBN employees, regardless of the position, will spend meaningful time visiting farms, to meet with some of our founding and network farmers in order to discuss their equipment and data collection practices.As a Silicon Valley based company with a Midwestern culture, we believe in the power of getting things done, and understand that creativity is fostered by trust and the ability to focus. As a result, meetings are avoided and we respect everyone’s right to at least one day a week without meetings. Thursdays are considered “no meeting days.”Finally, there are no shrinking violets here. The team consists of many people with deep experience in agriculture, technology, data science, machine learning, physics among other areas. So be prepared to offer opinions!Interviewing at FBNOur interview panels are as diverse as our employees. You may be expected to interview with an agronomist, a physicist, a data scientist, and because of our strong focus on farmers, we expect every FBN candidate to interview with one of our founding farmers, advisory board members or network members. As a result, our interviews will take you out of your comfort zone. Be prepared to be asked to solve hard problems that may seem daunting, to be asked questions that will test your curiosity, and to meet really awesome people.If FBN sounds like a place where you would like to work and if you're excited about making a difference in the lives of thousands of farmers, take a look at our current openings.
One Design Company is a digital design, strategy and development agency. We’ve called Chicago our home for nearly a decade, nurturing strong roots in the local art, design and development communities. We work on all sorts of projects for organizations and businesses from the small, local, and boutique to some of the largest companies (and brands) in the world.
Emergence Capital Partners, based in San Mateo, Calif., is the leading venture capital firm focused on early and growth-stage business cloud companies. Its mission is to empower business users and organizations around the globe by funding leading business applications. The firm's investments include companies such as #URL_8d92932a488fb7e172d73a0f6813d06d464f1f03705d2825f86b2c7947d60a86# (CRM), SuccessFactors (SFSF), Veeva Systems (VEEV), Yammer (acquired by Microsoft), Box, and Lithium. Emergence Capital has $575 million under management. More information on Emergence Capital can be found at #URL_c1c2ff2c784f5b34d6816df3acbecf4c52ee5564750f4e4d142a1cfb59696b7d#.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Glide was founded in 2012 by Ari Roisman, Jonathan Caras and Adam Korbl - three successful entrepreneurs who live thousands of miles from many of their family members and friends. Frustrated by the difficulties communicating across time zones, they created an instant video messaging platform that allows friends and family members to stay in touch with the ease of texting and personality of video chat.
Sparkol is a growing software company based outside of Bristol, UK.We specialise in making unique tools that help people get their message across without any design or technical know-how. The Sparkol team comprises talented developers, designers, writers, musicians and support staff.Our main product, VideoScribe, enables our users to create engaging whiteboard-style animations quickly and easily. It's used by thousands of business people, marketers, illustrators, video professionals, teachers and students, as well as regular folk with stories to tell.VideoScribe is available for desktop as well as iPad and Android apps.
#URL_25e85371e7108e279a4b25d6e965889a44917879b7b587c905714ef30f933cb8# is a young, growing e-commerce company with our eyes on the future.  Ever since our launch in 2005, we've been growing year after year.  Homegrown in Athens, GA, UberPrints runs its customer service and production operations just behind downtown.  We're now looking to expand our reach by opening an Atlanta office to house our business development, IT, and creative teams. 
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
GlobalWebIndex runs the world's largest study on the digital consumer, supplying behavioural data to the advertising industry so brands and agencies can make better marketing decisions.We profile 89% of the global internet audience, 4 times a year across 32 countries. Founded in 2009, we are a vibrant group of analysts, developers, sales and marketing people with a passion for telling great stories with data.  We are looking for action-orientated people that want to help us define the next era of data-driven marketing.Clients include Google, Twitter, Microsoft, Group M, Omnicom Media Group, Starcom MediaVest, ZenithOptimedia, Digitas, R/GA, AKQA, Sony, Unilever and Nestlé.
We’ve bitten off one of the greatest online challenges – using social data to improve customer experience – and turned it into a few apps that start driving revenue right out of the box.If you’re determined like that, we should talk.We want developers who like turning thorny technical puzzles into startlingly simple solutions.And we want salespeople who wake up in the morning with a drive to improve websites’ results.Intent HQ’s audience intelligence technology is in high demand, and we’re constantly extending the capabilities (again, increasing demand). So we need smart people more or less constantly.
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
Brand Apps is a exciting, young company that creates mobile apps to help small businesses promote themselves.  We are passionate about the mobile world and dedicated to promoting the benefits that this emerging technology can bring to ordinary businesses.
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
Lesaffre Yeast Corporation is a French privately owned company that has been the worldwide leader in yeast manufacturing for the past 10 years. In 2013, the company celebrated its 160th anniversary. Yeast manufacturing is more of a passion for the family who owns the company than it is a business. To excel at Yeast manufacturing like Lesaffre does, it requires hiring talented people who are knowledgeable and skilled in microbiology, biotechnology, mathematics, food processing, automation, people management and most of all who can learn and teach Lesaffre’s know-how. The Lesaffre Group has been leading the worldwide yeast manufacturing industry because of passion, know-how and superior technology.Lesaffre manufactures and sells “fresh” bakers yeast, also called wet yeast, and we serve a base of industrial bakeries as well as bakers compressed Yeast, Instant High Active Yeast, Active Dry Yeast, Distillers ADY, Protected ADY other type of specialty #URL_8ead3a909a01e46bf54d799760864575097f4be44f1453ac5a4183c634707458# addition, Lesaffre has separate business units which sell into the Nutritional industry; Animal Feed Industry; Beer, Wine and Whiskey Industry; Renewable Chemicals and Ethanol Industry; and Flavor Enhancer Industry. 
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
At Founders we create companies. We are are a team of people who constantly work and experiment with business models applying our Creation Process to build new businesses. During the process, we partner with individuals who will become co-founders and ultimately CEOs of the businesses. We are not an incubator, nor a venture capital firm. We are simply a company that creates companies.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Zoottle is a startup founded by IT, Telco and Web services veterans with worldwide sales, marketing and services experience. Zoottle's mobile solutions enable its clients to capture customer information, improve customer engagement, analyse relevant metrics and increase revenues.  In Zoottle, we aim towards combining efficiency, results and customer satisfaction while at the same time maintaining a fun, open and cozy work environment.Zoottle has offices in London, UK and Athens, Greece.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
PowerbyProxi and its customers are leading a revolution to deliver unplugged power. We have changed the way electricity is delivered in hostile industrial environments. We are now also developing wireless charging technology for consumer electronics and have an impressive portfolio of clients consisting of electronics heavyweights from around the world. PowerbyProxi was spun out of The University of Auckland in 2007 to commercialize cutting edge research undertaken by its internationally acclaimed scientists and engineers. As a pioneer in the design and development of turnkey wireless power solutions, PowerbyProxi eliminates the need for a physical or frictional power connection. We provide our customers with unplugged solutions that solve continuity of delivery and maintenance pain points, create unique competitive advantages, deliver significant cost savings and secure product design wins.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Stokes Automotive Group-Beaufort is a family owned and operated dealer group in Beaufort, SC.  Stokes is the leader in the automotive market of the Low Counrty in South Carolina offering new Toyota and Honda vehicles as well as over 1000 used vehicles while delivering a Truly Exceptional Experience to our customers.  We strive to put our customers first and make purchasing and servicing a vehicle a fast, fun, and easy experience.Our team is equipped with State of the Art facilites and the highest tech equipment on the market that makes Stokes stand out above the rest.  Come join our winning team!
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
Wir sind ein junges Berliner Mobile-Startup, das Meinungen und Unterhaltung innovativ zusammenbringt. Mit unserer Android-App TimeZapp beantworten unsere Nutzer Fragen unterhaltsam und einfach. Unsere App wird mit Begeisterung aufgenommen. Jetzt suchen wir für den Ausbau unseres großartigen Teams in Berlin engagierte Teammitglieder.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Casper is a sleep startup that re-imagines the experience of purchasing a mattress. We launched in April 2014 with an outrageously comfortable mattress designed by former IDEO and NASA product engineers and sold directly to consumers – eliminating commission-driven, inflated prices. We provide free shipping with delivery right to your door in a mini-fridge sized box and a 100 days money-back policy. We generated over $1 million in 28 days following our launch and have raised nearly $15m in venture funding led by NEA with participation from leading investors including Lerer Ventures, SV Angel, and Ashton Kutcher.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
Graphs are everywhere. From websites adding social capabilities to Telco’s providing personalized customer services to innovative bioinformatics research, organizations are adopting graph databases as the best way to model and query connected data. Neo Technology researchers have pioneered graph databases since 2000 and have been instrumental in bringing the power of the graph to numerous organizations worldwide, including 25 Global 2000 customers, such as Cisco, HP, Accenture, Deutsche Telekom, and Telenor. Serving customers in production for over a decade, Neo4j is the world’s leading graph database with the largest ecosystem of partners and tens of thousands of successful deployments.Neo Technology is a privately held company funded by Fidelity Growth Partners Europe, Sunstone Capital and Conor Venture Partners, and is headquartered in San Mateo, CA, with offices in Sweden, UK, Germany, and Malaysia. For more information, please visit #URL_037405d1fc6ccc5d2e9a34b60a242f1fa611220c23b9ddd495a526bd2aa0814a#
At SMGI we believe that 'Our People are the Difference'. Working for SMGI is a great opportunity for our employees to learn and grow in their career, while supporting clients in communities where they live. Our company pledge to our clients is "Your Satisfaction is our Success." Our ability to accomplish this goal is based primarily on the people we hire.There is no firm like SMGI. We employ only the most qualified individuals—and they choose to remain with us for many years. We have one of the lowest turnover rates in the industry. This is a result of our commitment to our team. Only satisfied employees can provide the exceptional customer service our clients deserve.At SMGI we have a unique pay structure. Employees have the opportunity to take classes and additional training to increase their base wage. Our employees learn and grow with us. As a result, our clients receive the best service in the industry. In addition, we develop and promote our security officers into supervisory and management positions at SMGI. Our employees have career advancement opportunities that are real and attainable. We recruit highly qualified and highly skilled personnel, including professionals from the private sector as well as former U.S. military and law enforcement. We search for people of the highest caliber; accountability, integrity and professionalism.At SMGI, "Our People are the Difference."
Founded at the beginning of 2013, the startup #URL_1126a42ca4e3346cc3e1a08fbb8e4c3f867169c63a14fc3710ba1f37c6c0e928# is a platform dedicated to nighttime activities.Alongside this, the startup offers services to events professionals and advertisers.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Local Projects is a media design firm for museums and public spaces. While innovation drives much of today’s design, we’re interested in creating projects that endure.We’re reinventing public space through media, creating meaning and connections in places as diverse as Memorials, Times Square, and art installations.  We focus on engaging audiences through emotion and technology, developing new ways for people to interact with art, cities and one another.  We gather stories through collaborative storytelling projects, and between Storycorps, the 9/11 Memorial Museum and Change By Us, we have brought forth over 100,000 individuals’ stories and memories, sharing them with the world and touching millions of lives.Local Projects has won top prize for every major design award including the National Design Award for Interaction Design, Fast Company Masters of Design, Webby Gold, Muse Gold and AIGA Gold. They were #2 on Fast Company’s 2011 list for most innovative design studios and were named to the 2012 Public Interest 100, for people working in the Public Interest, alongside Bill Clinton and the Knight Foundation.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
SilverStripe CMS &amp; Framework is an open source platform of web development tools. The platform is curated by SilverStripe, an international web development company and supported by a vibrant online community. We take pride in being a locally owned New Zealand company, founded by three people passionate about the limitless possibilities of the web. They share a vision - to reshape business through the web. Top developersSilverStripe is one of New Zealand’s top developers of websites and web applications. We’ve been in business since 2000 and in that time we’ve gone from strength to strength. Our technical expertise has earned us a solid reputation around the world and because of the leading edge work we do, we are able to attract and retain a wide range of talented and dedicated people from within New Zealand and abroad.Open sourceWe are strong advocates of open source software. Our flagship product, SilverStripe Content Management System (CMS), is a free, open source download, alongside SilverStripe Framework, the powerful core underpinning the CMS. We have seen strong growth in adoption of our software around the globe. Many of our larger customers are now developing unique and novel solutions on top of SilverStripe and are integrating our software deep into their own product offerings.Core values &amp; kick ass cultureYou will be working alongside super smart designers, developers and project managers. They’ll share their love of the craft with you and help you grow your skills. There are plenty of opportunities for learning — we pay for developers to attend the usual range of conferences and meetups, and we hold our own internal monthly Hack Day and Show &amp; Tell talks.SilverStripe is big on things like building trusting relationships, sharing ideas, being open, using technology to solve important problems, and helping others reach their goals. We actively foster a culture that supports these core values. Our culture kicks ass.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
ECG Studio is a process design and visual communication consultancy empowering change makers.ECG Studio fuses business process management with collaborative consulting and visual communications to create deeply engaging business improvement solutions teams love. This unique approach equips change makers with a business partner who's sole focus is aligning business and technical teams, driving process innovation and inspiring actions that deliver process improvement. If you are interested in learning how you might contribute as either a contractor, freelancer or full-time team member, please email a cover letter and resume or CV to #EMAIL_8e0ae6eb938f8c6caf7ae4a7eb690eb77bdb183871514da9ad9dda7fa5a9606e#.
#URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7# is a modern online travel agency that was founded in Athens in 2005. Today, our company is one of the leading online travel agencies in Greece with presence in over 25 countries in Europe, Asia and America; offices in Athens, Bucharest and Sao Paulo.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Welcome to our Careers section. Please review the positions we are currently hiring for and apply to the ones that interest you.Founded in 2011, YantraNet enables organizations to connect, monitor and manage networked devices and applications and implement highly interactive and innovative Self-Service, Digital Signage and M2M solutions.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Fabrily makes it easy for campaigners/communities/charities/causes/artists. etc… to raise funds and awareness with custom merchandising (T-shirts, Hoodies, iPhone covers, etc…) Users design a merchandise with Fabrily’s help and sell it to their network/community. Fabrily handles the printing and shipping and give the profits back to the sellers. It is absolutely free for the sellers to use.This 60 second video explains how it works – #URL_39f7a1fd2a9c4e06693f732e976b7ec6011a6484aa0363b7a85cf5f2968742d5#
Based in Hoxton, London, Forward Partners are a “startup catalyst”, combining investment with practical hands-on expertise and insight.We're investors in very early stage ecommerce companies.  Our team have the experience to enable entrepreneurs to succeed.  We do more than advise and mentor. We help the best entrepreneurs quickly find a great product-market fit with our expertise in customer discovery, coding, design, customer acquisition, testing and analysis as well as offering office space.Companies invested in include: Hailo, Zopa, Wool and the Gang, Thread, Big Health, Stylect, Makers Academy, Blik Book, DriftRock, Top10, SnapTrip, Loyalty Bay and Appear Here
If you’re looking to start a career at a fast-paced, innovative company with tons of opportunity, then look no further than eCommHub. We are one of the fastest growing companies in Atlanta and are always looking for motivated and talented individuals to join our team.We are a venture-backed company including $3MM in investment from top-tier investors like Sig Mosley, Sigma Prime, and UPS. We are located in the heart of midtown Atlanta, with our office being in prime walking distance (don't worry, we have parking!) to many local venues, bars, and eateries (we're near the Fox Theatre and Georgia Tech).Working at an early-stage company like eCommHub as we go through our growth phase is a rare opportuntity that not many people get to experience in their careers. You will get exposure to the different areas of the busineses from sales, support, engineering, marketing, and more. We strongly believe in each person having ownership of their area and integrity is the backbone of our culture. If there's one thing we can guarantee, it's that you will not find a better learning experience anywhere else (and it will be the ride of your life).If that's not enough, check out our excessive benefits:Competitive salary WITH stock option packagesHealthcare coverage and insurance options (health, vision, AND dental)Short-term and Long-term Disability Premiums (not every company does this)401(k) programAn allowance for gear you need to be productive (e.g. MacBook Pro, huge monitor)Catered lunches once a weekPaid vacation and flexible working hoursGym membership allowanceCompany sponsored tech talks and happy hoursOpportunity to meet the best advisors and mentors in the industry
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Το #URL_bb79581a561837ad604b8fc4ab629753b36407cc3bc76c42e6e46d74bb78eba2# είναι μία επαγγελματική διαδικτυακή πλατφόρμα μέσω της οποίας έρχονται σε επαφή εργοδότες και Δουλευταράδες για την εκτέλεση μιας εργασίας ή για τη σύναψη μιας νέας συνεργασίας. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Mailjet is a market leading Email Service Provider with over 25 000 clients and rapidly expanding across Europe and abroad due to its innovative approach in offering speed, deliverability and insight to sending emails through an unparalleled user experience and  comprehensive set of APIs.We currently have offices in France, UK, Germany, Belgium, Spain and Canada and are looking for the next wave of business and technical talent to accelerate our expansion and reach our aggressive goals.We are currently hiring for the following positions based out of our headquarters in the heart of Paris and abroad. If you think you have what it takes to be a part of a fast moving and dynamic team, contact us today.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
Solutions3 is a woman-owned small business whose focus is IT Service Management using best of breed technology and implementing industry best practices following the ITIL® framework. We work extensively in the areas of planning, design, architecting, assessing, implementing and training on technology solutions.Solutions3 focus areas include: Enterprise Network &amp; Systems Management (architecture and implementation), IT Service Management including the Service Desk and associated process definitions (Incident &amp; Problem Management, Change &amp; Configuration Management, Service Level Management), the Configuration Management Database (CMDB), IT Asset Management, and Alert/Event Management. We focus on best of breed technology and follow industry best practices, including ITIL® and ISO20000.We have a strong focus on training and knowledge transfer associated with our solutions. Many of our resources are course developers and instructors for many of our vendor partners. Our practitioner experience comes into the training environment with us.We have a strong set of core values based on Biblical principles that include great integrity, high ethics and always striving for excellence.  We are always seeking those candidates who want to work for an amazing technology company, make a difference and be a part of something great for the long term.
As a maestro commands notes, instruments and timing to produce a symphony, an ideal website content management system (CMS) addresses the ever-changing desires and needs of its users and stakeholders to deliver ideal customer experience management (CEM) and engagement.   Simple [A] orchestrates CMS/CEM implementation making it possible for websites to become living, breathing entities that change and flex nimbly with different users, behaviors and marketing objectives.  Simple [A] specializes in integration of web content management and customer experience platforms. We focus on #URL_d36790501e43b324baf7fc86080b70fb424848803b4af6e6302919eda5147621# solutions and partner with Ektron, Kentico, and Sitecore. We also work with solutions using complementary WCMS platforms.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Zylun’s mission is to help small and medium size enterprises take advantage of a highly skilled global workforce in a simple and cost effective way. We help companies flexibly hire a staff overseas comprised of developers, designers, Internet marketers, managers, and customer service representatives. Zylun Staffing takes pride in not only providing simple and effective services, but ensuring dedicated employees to fit our clients’ exact needs. We have career opportunities from administrative IT, graphic design, SEO, data entry, sales agents, chat agents, and customer representatives. Zylun is an American owned and operated company headquartered in 210 North 1200 East, Suite 101 Lehi, Utah 84043, with American management heading its offshore operations.
IntrinsicTel operates as a call center, performing many call center functions such as: collections, consumer billing, customer service, technical support, and survey request. IntrinsicTel is also a debt purchaser and may agree to purchase your debt from the original creditor to help you resolve your delinquent account. From time to time our company accepts the responsibility to provide consumer billing solutions prior to collection services.
Crest Financial is one of the leading privately held consumer financing companies in the United States. Crest blends the use of innovative technology with a simple to use application process to drive revenue for thousands of retailers. Retailers love our product and our people -- we are growing the business rapidly and we need more great people to join the team!
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Entertainment everywhere.  Operating under the StarzPlay brand, Playco Ltd., delivers a premium video-on-demand service.  We believe that the home entertainment experience should be available for everyone everywhere. We bridge our cutting-edge technology with in-demand TV series, top quality movies, and a large range of children's programming to reinvent, redefine &amp; shape the viewing experience. Our site allows subscribing users to access premium entertainment content from across the globe. Gone are the days of waiting an entire season to watch your favorite series, as viewers will have access to in-demand, exclusive day-and-date premieres, along with a large selection of movies and box office releases.Playco is currently present in 2 continents with plans to become increasingly global. We encourage and support our employees who wish to relocate to other Playco offices, as we believe that international mobility strengthens and shapes the international culture of Playco.Learn more about us on LinkedIn Do you have what it takes to work with us?Self-startersCreative thinkersProblem-solvers (not problem-identifiers)Affinity for working in teams Sense of humor A MUST!A fine appreciation of TV and film (we might ask for a detailed list)
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
EVH is a fashion, lifestyle, design and luxury communications, digital, events and sales agency.  With integrity and intelligence, we work as an extension of our clients to build and secure their presence in the marketplace.Based in Sydney but with an international reach, EVH is known for positioning, pioneering and protecting brands through a considered, strategic approach to sales and communications process. As brand guardians, we work closely alongside our diverse range of clients to create specialised campaigns that meet their individual short and long term brand and business goals.Our deep understanding and influence in the Australian market within the context of the global industry sets us apart from other communications businesses. This intrinsic knowledge combined with years of experience has cemented us as the go-to agency for both emerging and larger global brands. Our clients are selected for their integrity and attributes in innovation, design and business.The EVH network is unrivalled and extends beyond fashion, hospitality and the retail environment into the worlds of design, culture, art and entertainment. We offer an in-house specialist and personable approach to each client with whom we engage.
Acknowledgement helps brands and organisations achieve their ambition through digital innovation and digital transformation.We combine business insight and analysis, original creative thinking, first class user centric design and technology implementation, marketing services and 24/7/365 technical operational capability to create robust, innovative and cost effective solutions that deliver significant business results for our clients.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Orange County Tech Recruiters is based in Orange County and focuses on finding full time technical talent for clients in California with particular emphasis on OC, LA, SF and San Diego.  We are a small focused team and each of us have 20+ years in technology and technology recruiting.  Please see our LinkedIn profiles and recommendations below: Robert Ardell - #URL_b6d48964c0b9b0074359c7a207623fd2360c853a418da3bfa1c6c18f79a1a6f6#Jake Villarreal - #URL_8bfb8c2cfcf91aeb1253da2a322b5617a4f92bd358eb0badeefafa67450370af#
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Primesoft Inc is a fast growing IT consulting, services and outsourcing firm. We Provide IT consulting services to support clients in solving their business problems and increasing their operational efficiency by integrating and leveraging existing and new systems. We combine our in-depth domain knowledge with expertise in cutting edge information technology to deliver high-impact solutions that add value to the bottom-line of our clients. We also have strong domain expertise in Healthcare, Insurance and Financial verticals.
FeedMe is an online multimedia food network connecting foodies and culinary experts in a way that they have never connected before. We feature culinary professionals and industry leaders, from chefs to artisans and give them a channel to showcase their food media, connect with foodies, create and share content on a platform dedicated to the culinary industry.
Join Our TeamIf you are interested in joining a fun and fast paced environment while growing your personal skills as well, please send us a resumé and a quick explanation of how you think you would be a great fit for HLT. We have listed a few positions we are specifically looking to fill, but we are always looking for anyone who could help us grow!HLT Mission:To empower students by creating the most innovative, captivating and successful education platform.Our Product Lineup#1 grossing educational app in the iStore#1 grossing educational app in Google Play StoreOver 400,000 downloads2 top 5 grossing educational apps in the iStore and Google Play4 top 50 grossing educational apps in iStoreOver 12 million practice questions answered
EventMobi is changing the way attendees experience events using their smartphones and tablets at conferences and tradeshows. Clients like Disney, Motorola and some of the biggest conferences and associations have used EventMobi to enhance the attendee experience at their events. Our event apps have been used by thousands of corporate &amp; association event planners and millions of attendees across the globe.We are on a crazy growth spurt and looking for passionate, fun, and outgoing individuals who love to educate others about technology, build relationships, and grow EventMobi’s international client base. Join us and help change the way the world meets and learns at live events with EventMobi.
Orange County Tech Recruiters is based in Orange County and focuses on finding full time technical talent for clients in California with particular emphasis on OC, LA, SF and San Diego.  We are a small focused team and each of us have 20+ years in technology and technology recruiting.  Please see our LinkedIn profiles and recommendations below: Robert Ardell - #URL_b6d48964c0b9b0074359c7a207623fd2360c853a418da3bfa1c6c18f79a1a6f6#Jake Villarreal - #URL_8bfb8c2cfcf91aeb1253da2a322b5617a4f92bd358eb0badeefafa67450370af#
At SKI USA, we offer creative, professional, skilled web design and development services for both small scale and large businesses.Our team is equipped to design and develop any kind of website depending on your requirements. Our scalable, efficient and sophisticated processes are devised in a way to reflect your organisation’s ideals, thoughts, functions and strategies.We build apps that cater to the specific demands of our clients and have our heart set to impress all.If you are looking to build an innovative new mobile app for your business, or have an original idea for your product, let our team of experienced developers and designers make your vision a reality.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
CallCentre People Recruitment is recognised as being specialists within the CallCentre industry.  We provide permanent, temporary, contract and management staff for a number of large national and multi-national businesses in various industries.
Formed in 2006, Saul&amp;Partners is an executive search consulting firm specialising in talent management for permanent staff and interim consultants. We provide search services for vertical niche markets of Risk Management within Banking, Asset Management, FS and Online Digital Media industries. We search for executives from Business through to Sales, Business Development, Risk (OpRisk/Market/Credit), Treasury, ALM, Balance Sheet Management, Operations and Compliance.Our consultants draw on the expertise of Saul&amp;Partners to ensure we achieve the best job matches in the market.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2009, the Fonpit AG rose with its international web portal ANDROIDPIT to the world's largest Android community. Every month over 18 Million Android and tech enthusiasts around the world log into ANDROIDPIT , where they know they'll find the latest and most innovative information about Android and Android-Apps in 6 different languages. Our business activities consist of close collaboration with many of the world's largest tech, web and mobile companies.In 2014, APP MEDIA amended Fonpit AG’s brand portfolio. As a one-stop shop for app marketing,APP MEDIA delivers quality performance marketing for apps to give clients the most successful campaigns possible with custom concepts and sustainable results.Located in the heart of Berlin, we are constantly looking for highly motivated and success driven personalities to help ANDROIDPIT and APP MEDIA grow even further.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
The Advanced Interactive Media Group LLC - or short: AIM Grou - is a global consulting company specializing in classified advertising and interactive media. The company publishes the Classified Intelligence Report, which has been called the “bible of the classified advertising industry.” The AIM Group consults with its clients on revenue growth, best practices, and strategies and tactics for traditional and interactive-media publishers. It was founded in 1997 by Peter M. Zollman, and now has clients, writers and analysts throughout the world.
Come on in.Welcome to August Smart Lock.The August Smart Lock is the secure, simple, and social way to manage your home’s lock. Now you can control who can enter and who can’t—without the need for keys or codes. And you can do it all from your smartphone or computer.August builds products that make life simpler by allowing physical environments to respond seamlessly to people’s behavior. We believe in building quality experiences for our customers through elegance and simplicity. We have a lot planned for the future, and are looking to build a team eager to join the ride. Who we are looking forAugust values multi-skilled engineers who are just as passionate about crafting secure, yet beautiful experiences for our customers as we are. We expect our software developers to be comfortable working in multiple programming languages and to be enthusiastic about learning new things. We do have high standards. Our product aesthetic extends to our code. We expect our hardware engineers to be obsessive about things like power consumption and reliability. If you look at everyday objects and believe they can be made more intelligently, we are looking for you.Things we are buildingA peerless security infrastructureiOS, Android and other mobile applicationsA compelling and intuitive web dashboardSensor-laden hardware devicesRobust customer intelligence toolsAn ecommerce system
MAC Property Management is dedicated to providing an exemplary living experience, the highest possible quality of service and a superior value for our residents.  It is important for us to preserve the environment, improve infrastructures, and enhance the beauty of our settings.  We are in the process of acquiring new properties in these existing markets as well as expanding to new markets across the country.  MAC Property Management, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
At LendInvest fundamentally changing the way people think about their savings, investments and how you get a mortgage. We're the new generation of finance, which is far less stuffy as we are building a new way to do things - and having some fun along the way. If you want to be part of building the future of finance, then we'd love to hear from you. LendInvest has been prominently recognised as a leader for its growth and innovation. We are based in a prime central London building, with a very cool work environment.LendInvest is a direct employer and we therefore do not work with any recruitment agencies. Recruiters, please do not spam us, we are not interested in hearing from you.For a look at what we're creating, you can see more on our site at: #URL_a472ef05be663cdc9df7eb234d26330394196f039430435745cd6695790fd82e#
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
2.5 years ago when we started on the development of Witkit, we had a mission: allowing businesses to capitalize on collaboration, making people more efficient and productive. The plan was always to create the most comprehensive social collaboration toolkit that expands our capacity for problem solving beyond today’s limits.It’s important that everyone who is thinking of joining our team understands what our mission means to us.What inspire us at Witkit are the effects of collaborations between people and businesses all around us. There is a back-story to every great invention throughout history, which tell us that there were many bright minds working towards a similar mission to make the invention a reality. Witkit aims to promote the fact that every great idea should be refined and developed through effective teamwork. To do this, Witkit offers a platform with the most comprehensive social collaboration toolkit, which increases the capacity for problem solving.  We are not inventing collaboration, we just make it work.Even if our goal sounds big, it starts small: with the collaboration of two people towards a single mission.
Planning Center Online has been making revolutionary applications for churches since 2006. Our premier product, Planning Center Services, is among the top 10,000 websites with millions of users around the world. Our new offices, located in Carlsbad, CA (near San Diego), are amazing. Beautiful weather year round, kitchen, play room, private team rooms and several cool, comfortable lounge areas are some of the great things that we have purposefully designed into our new building. You can check out some photos at #URL_258df839d4720af9cef1fb5754a9da21604874877091fd9eaff7deb0e6a7aa15#
FirstBeatMedia is a fast growing online media company.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
UFN is a dynamic start-up founded in 2008 that specializes in providing strategically designed e-commerce websites and online marketing services to retail florists in North America. The primary focus of UFN is to provide a successful and affordable way for small floral businesses to compete effectively in the online marketplace. See what our clients have to say about us:
CCS Digital Education is an international provider of innovative e-Learning solutions and professional services that empowers modern organizations to successfully implement continuous learning.We help educational providers and large enterprises to provide their audience with engaging interactive learning experiences that boost performance and knowledgeability.  Available on any device, our solutions combine powerful social and peer learning features, promoting continuous knowledge diffusion with real business and culture-change impact.More than 800 of our learning applications are being used by large enterprises, government organizations, leading educational and training institutions, and millions of learners around the globe.CCS was recently named as one of the top 10 e-Learning content development companies for 2014 by #URL_f88add0e5c3df30700026d142ed54d155b93ee1fd296b63321bc5ece5cf3b33f#.The company has offices in Abu Dhabi, UAE; Athens, Greece; Dublin, Ireland and Silicon Valley, US.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
We take the hassle out of finding and booking a cleaner. We are currently in the UK but we have big plans and we want an amazing team. If you want to be part of a rapidly growing tech startup with big ambitions take a look below, pick a job and apply!
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Cin7 is total inventory, warehouse and point of sale cloud software in one seamless system. Used by retail, wholesale and e-commerce businesses that require accuracy, visibility and control across their business departments or legal entities.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
WannaYum is a user-centric mobile food-ordering platform that attracts and retains customers through a proprietary embedded gamification system.  As of July 2014 we have an inventory of 20,000 restaurants located in more than 500 cities across the United States. We’re looking for entrepreneurs who are excited about getting in on the ground floor of a fast-growing start-up; imaginative thinkers who relish wearing multiple hats and never back down from a challenge. We want people who get things done.
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
Cloudit specialise in web based, leading-edge technologies which help drive your business forward. With over 20 years industry experience, Cloudit are the partner your business can rely on. Our clients utilise Cloudit products to securely and reliably process millions of transactions per week. Whether you are running applications that share information to thousands of mobile users, want to develop and manage your own application or supporting the critical operations of your business, Cloudit provide leading edge services to enable a smarter tomorrow.Cloudit empowers your business to work more efficiently. Providing visual, pro-active &amp; cost effective solutions tailored to your business needs. Mobile workforce applications, data driven business solutions all for a guaranteed return on investment.Cloudit are an elite SaaS provider who will enhance your business performance. Consultancy, Application design, Cloud Infrastructure/Migration - We do it all.If you are excited by problem solving, working as an important member of an ever growing team in creating exciting, industry disrupting products - click below, we would love to hear from you.Don't see a role that best suits you? No problem, contact us directly with your CV and what you believe you can bring to Cloudit. We are always looking for talent!
NL Group supplies specialist healthcare recruitment and staffing solutions to the NHS and private healthcare providers in Yorkshire, building a far reaching reputation for being a skilled, cost effective and reliable healthcare recruiter.Since our humble beginnings NL Group Healthcare has become one of the most respected specialist nursing and healthcare recruitment agencies in Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and North of England, dedicated to understanding our client’s particular needs and surpassing their expectations.Offering a tailored service of only the highest quality to the clients we serve and the workforce we manage, promoting only competitive rates whilst upholding our commitment to excellent levels of service, carefully selected, qualified candidates for each nursing and healthcare vacancy we fill.
We are a company providing software solutions and support services, activating in the World Wide Web throughout Europe.
Costa coffee was initially started in London by two Italian brothers named Sergio and Bruno Costa; and it has now become a multinational coffee chain. Costa coffee is the world’s third largest coffee house chain with over 1700 stores in more than 28 countries across the globe. Our stores can be found anywhere from airports to bookstores, Hotels, Pizza Hut branches, etc. the largest store is located in Dubai that allows a sitting of 321 people at once.  We are planning to set up new centers at some universities and hospitals, where the coffee beans used will be of the same type.
Ameritech Media wants to give industry thought-leaders the marketing communications they need to stay out in front. We’re the next generation you’ve heard about - making radical advancements in full-service marketing communications and how they’re delivered. With today’s technology wired into our serious creative approach, it’s hard to find another who delivers our blend of strategy and creative this way.  It’s clear we’re not a typical ad agency, marketing firm, integrated whatever - we are a full-service, any message on any platform company where you get exactly what you want, how you want it. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
ABOUT VERTO Verto Partners is a premier corporate performance acceleration firm that works with middle market companies - between $10M to $1B in revenue - across 28 industry sectors. Verto works with or on behalf of management, Boards of Directors, or investors to effect transformative changes in companies facing challenges such as high growth, stagnant performance, or decline. Verto's services include strategy, operations transformation, interim management, deal support, business development, capitalization, and human capital.   #URL_c9847e5a3b1d35edc0cb45391a3165ba47e17069e405f17eb811877ac37227a7#
We started making apps the day App Store opened. Initially, we developed iOS apps for other companies, but in 2011 we started developing our own apps. In March 2012, we launched our first own game, Ruzzle. It became an immediate success and rose to the top ten list in 148 countries. While taking Ruzzle to the next level, we have also launched a new quiz game, Quizcross. It has already been on the top ten list for trivia games in over 50 countries. Totally more than 50M have played our games.We thrive on exciting ideas, so stay tuned for more games from MAG.The MAG Interactive team is a group of passionate developers and designers. Our mission is to produce extremely polished and easy to play games that makes you want to tell all your friends about it.The MAG Interactive team is based in Stockholm, #URL_29206d9d6d46b4bc66bba586803a8387427193f1326a4ca4a1afcceaf7b68010# more information, please contact us on #EMAIL_778459cb1331b0e6c32b879ba7b82bc8ff495bc9ac735935d6e64f49b2d97398#
Maguru helps small businesses get more customers though efficient and fair priced managed online marketing.To do this we use technology and marketing techniques previously only available for big companies with deep pockets.By aligning our customers goals with our goals we deliver an honest and transparent online marketing solution that our customers trust and love.See all jobs at: #URL_48fdbaa419bcc74c77527f23b3f771d053491adc21103e85da659b5578ffb329# Maguru ApSIndiakaj 122100 Copenhagen OEDenmark
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
We are on a mission: Making cities smarter.Cities are complex. And your smartphone should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.How do we contribute? We are reinventing the best public transport app. (#1 Winner of the Mobile Tech Award)We're based in Berlin. Close to Hackescher Markt. We have a rooftop terrace &amp; a plunge pool. We love it.We are hiring now!
About the CompanyWe are ticketscript - the European market leaders in digital self-ticketing. Whether it’s massive dance events, festivals, gigs, outdoor cinemas, fairs, theater shows, exhibitions, comedy nights, or award ceremonies - we do them all! We believe in empowering our customers. Their success is our success. So far over 50,000 events have worked with us - and this is only the beginning. We have offices in London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Berlin and Barcelona and are rapidly expanding across Europe.
VisaHQ hires a diverse and internationally minded staff of professional and reliable employees who are dedicated to breaking through the many bureaucratic barriers imposed on international travelers. They know their way past these hurdles not only from professional training programs and effective management, but through a wealth of personal and shared experience. In short, the company and its dependents hold themselves to the highest standards of professionalism, dedication, and respect.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNCs in US, Middle East &amp; Asia Pacific for the past 11 years.Rated as one of the top recruitment companies in India by Social Talent, Ireland; operating from a state of the art office at Bangalore, located on HAL Airport Road, ‘Team Roland' is supported by 100+ specially trained Searchologists.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Network Locum is a disruptive healthtech startup, which has grown tremendously quickly and has venture funding. We are an online marketplace which helps healthcare organisations find locum doctors direct – cutting out expensive recruitment agencies. We are a vibrant and energetic team of 10 who work out of an office in Shoreditch which we share with good friends of ours who work on a fashion startup.We already have a lot of traction, with 10% of primary care organisations signed up and clients such as Virgin, BMI Hospitals, BUPA using us on a regular basis. We have been featured in The Sunday Times, City A.M., The Guardian, The Next Women Business Magazine, The Independent, Sky News, and plenty more
Spartan Race, is an international obstacle racing organization.  Our courses are uniquely designed to test participants’ mental and emotional fitness.  Spartan Race is growing by leaps and bounds and is looking for driven, organized people able to work efficiently in the face of challenges.  You must be willing to live by the Spartan Code:A Spartan pushes their mind and body to their limits.A Spartan masters their emotions.A Spartan learns continuously.A Spartan gives generously.A Spartan leads.A Spartan stands up for what they believe in, no matter the cost.A Spartan knows their flaws as well as they know their strengths.A Spartan proves themselves through actions, not words.A Spartan lives every day as if it were their last.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
import•io was founded in 2012 by David White (CEO), Andrew Fogg (CDO) and Matt Painter (CTO) with a unique vision: to make the power of data available to everyone. Headquartered in both London and San Francisco, we employ a diverse team of individuals who are excited about bringing structure to the web and making web data more accessible.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Canary is a computer security startup that provides managed threat detection to alert our customers when their business is under cyber attack.  We are obsessed with reducing the time from incident to remediation and thus decreasing the damage done. Our elite team is comprised of malware experts, engineers, and security analysts that collaborate to implement innovative and scalable detection methods for the world’s most diabolical malware.We are passionate about creating customers for life and cultivating an unmatched employee lifestyle through remote work, top-notch benefits, and employee trust. We take great pride in providing an excellent service to our customers that depend on us to help defend their business.LocationsWe work remotely. Our offices are in Sterling, VA and Denver, CO. If you live near one of those locations or want to, that’s great. Our offices are designed to work for you whether you like to drop in once a week to work with your team or work hacker hours through the wee morning hours.Our Sterling office is close enough to Washington D.C. that you can head downtown for the evening but far enough away that you do not have to fight awful traffic. Our Denver office is nestled along the Rocky Mountains between Denver and Boulder with some of the best hiking, skiing, tech startups, and craft breweries in the country nearby.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Brainbow is a London-based startup founded by entrepreneurs from Google, Amazon, Playfish / EA and academia with a mission to reinvent Education through mobile, games and sciences.With funding from tier-1 European and US investors, we provide a unique environment to work with great engineers, designers and neuroscientists.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
This initiative is being led by a very talented, energetic and inspirational group of young Greek leaders called “Global Shapers Athens Hub”, under the umbrella of the World Economic Forum.  In a nutshell, the objective is for the corporate-business community to align with Global Shapers in order to develop and implement an internship program, whereby companies commit to taking on board selected talented graduates for 6-month internships – in order to offer  work experience / skill building and ultimately support the development of young talent to enter the local market.
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
AREA 17 is an interactive agency. We take an interdisciplinary approach — blending the practices of design, technology and branding — to create modern interactive systems.We care about the web and its future. It has become a large part of our lives – entering our offices, living rooms and even our pockets. It is changing the way our world operates. We believe the web should be an extension of our daily lives, not a distraction from it. To this end, our mission is to make the web a better place — for work and for life — by delivering solutions that are equally valuable, sustainable and enriching.AREA 17 is located in New York City and Paris, France. We are independently owned and creatively motivated. Learn more
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Proficio Mortgage is a rapidly growing mortgage lender that cares about both our clients, and our team members. Proficio is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Proficio Bank. As a National mortgage lender, our branches are exempt or authorized to lend is 49 states and the District of Columbia. Our goal is to make the loan process as simple and worry-free as possible. We pride ourselves in offering the highest level of customer service to our clients.                                            Here at Proficio we believe in a culture that allows every individual to succeed to the highest level of their abilities. Then, we will train your abilities to go even higher. Proficio has a top-notch training program that quickly ramps your career up faster than any other company out there. This is an opportunity not to just have a job, but to LOVE WHAT YOU DO. We are in need for future leaders because of our rapidly expanding growth. The atmosphere here is electric. We hire people that want to work hard, and enjoy what they do! We believe that it’s important for every one of our team members to have a balanced life. If this sounds like a place you would want to wake up and come to every day for years to come then start your future career today!
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
AGOGO creates a personalized audio channel by bringing together your favorite programming -- news, entertainment, sports, and more -- with your premium music services, personalized traffic, audio books, video programming, and much more. Curated from the freshest, most trusted sources, AGOGO helps you make the most out of every waking moment.AGOGO is looking for people who are media aware, know technology inside and out, who are ambitious, a team player, and looking to grow with a company.
ValleySoft is a fast growing global IT Services &amp; Solutions company based in Silicon Valley, USA . At ValleySoft, we strongly believe that excellence in services to Client is not a singular act, but a habit. We make earnest effort in our constant endeavor to redefine this habit and take it to the next higher level. Our long standing, time tested experience, which span across domains, is a source of strength as it helps us effectively leverage our experience to add value to our Clients' business needs and processes. Our growth has been powered by our consultative approach, our deep understanding of business and technology, our passion for innovation - and above all, our integrity.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Smarter Good is an innovative global services firm for social sector organizations - a for-profit company with a strong social mission and focus on systemic change. Our clients are social entrepreneur-led nonprofit organizations with measurable impact and a unique theory of change. We create more impact by scaling their solutions to the size of the need, helping solve our world's most intractable problems. Our clients focus on a spectrum of issues including: design for impact, maternal health, impact sourcing, economic empowerment, media, girls’ education, disaster preparedness and social entrepreneurship acceleration. Smarter Good is led by Jane Leu, an award-winning social entrepreneur and Ashoka Fellow. 
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
TechShop is a playground for creativity. Part fabrication and prototyping studio, part hackerspace and part learning center, TechShop provides access to over $1 million worth of professional equipment and software. We offer comprehensive instruction and expert staff to ensure you have a safe, meaningful and rewarding experience. Most importantly, at TechShop you can explore the world of making in a collaborative and creative environment.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
AUTOHELLAS S.A. is the largest Rent a Car company in Greece, according to its financial capacity and the size of the fleet of vehicles it manages. Furthermore, it is the biggest national franchisee of Hertz International in Europe.AUTOHELLAS S.A (HERTZ) operates in Greece for more than 44 years. Since 1978 until today, it constantly holds first place in the car hire field. Hertz - AutoHellas was awarded for two consecutive years, 1998 and 1999, by the travel industry as the best rent a car company in Greece for high standard services rendered (TTG Award).AutoHellas/s main concern is its human resources, which in 2004 exceeded 550. The company's employees and executives are carefully chosen, highly educated and experienced. During the last two years, Autohellas has put in practice an ambitious educational program for most of it's personnel, aiming to the improvement of the services offered.In 2011, Hertz fleet reached over 23,000 cars of event type, operated by 115 locations all over Greece, 21 of which are located in airports.The company's constant growth creates new work positions at Hertz locations, such as airports, local offices, as well as the headquarter facilities.Our mission is to be the lowest cost, highest quality and most customer focused rental company in every market we serve. We will achieve our Vision and Mission by focusing on, and balancing, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, and asset management, with equal emphasis on efficiency and growth.ΜΗΤ.Ε: 0206E#PHONE_b8d2b252564f25e10c879832d2e5b6df17fe0b5612e3d791ad1fad0a12e3b39a#
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Working in over 60 countries and 30 languages, Autotorq is one of the world’s leading digital automotive agencies.We work with car manufacturers and their dealers, helping them to attract, convert and retain customers through the digital channel, thereby increasing their efficiency and profitability.We have a proven track record working with clients on a global scale. Our accumulated industry knowledge on regional, national, pan-European and global levels, informs all aspects of our product and service offering, benefiting every one of our clients, from dealers to manufacturers.Our key clients include leading automotive manufacturersCustomers are at the heart of our business. Our passion for building meaningful relationships with all our dealer customers underpins everything that we do, driving the thinking, capability and innovation we consistently take to all our clients.The company is positioned for continuing growth during the year ahead. In preparation for this we are looking to expand our client account team, so this is a great time to be joining the company as it enters a new era
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Dering Hall, #URL_5f3201a601e42a814d6d0724e0b94a4cf371abcd4b89ec239e909fe96a4b8521#, is to the online marketplace that features high-end home furnishings from the world’s most renowned brands, artisans, and design galleries. These furnishing brands on Dering Hall pay monthly listing fees to showcase their products on the site.  Our mission is to connect serious potential buyers -- interior designers, architects, their staffs, and sophisticated consumers -- directly to the high-end furnishings brands that list on Dering Hall via online inquiry, phone, showroom visits or by driving traffic to their websites.   Dering Hall also markets the services of top-tier interior designers and architects to sophisticated consumers.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
Green Street Advisors is the industry leader in real estate and real estate investment trust (REITs) research for over 25 years. Our dedicated research professionals generally cover far fewer companies per researcher than is typical for a securities firm. This specialization, coupled with our independence, allows for exceptionally detailed and timely analytical work while avoiding the conflicts of interest.  Our firm employs over 30 research professionals covering over 100 publicly-traded REITs and all major real estate sectors in North America and Europe. Our mission is to provide unparalleled insight, advice, and service to knowledgeable investors looking to execute the best possible public and private real estate capital allocation decisions. The success of our firm is evident in our proven track-record. View our track record here: #URL_8e9a08c6476d6ea9f4de917acd0dca365e4c56d3a200a78a61d15d19e538f251#  Green Street's North American headquarters is in Newport Beach, California, and our trading desk is in Dallas, Texas. Green Street's European headquarters and trading desk are located in London.
THE COMPANY: theAudience (#URL_f3517a05fc71a73ef91dd5d00f6443a8da91d54cee2beb7373234066761c761b#)  theAudience is an entertainment content publishing network built upon the social media connections between fans and popular culture. Operating in partnership with leading entertainers and global entertainment brands, theAudience’s robust publishing network curates and produces content natively on social media platforms to create large, highly engaged fan bases. The company and its partners then build sustainable, organic transactional and sponsorship businesses around these flourishing social media ecosystems.    Currently managing more than 300 top-tier clients, and connected to nearly 800 million fans across social media platforms, theAudience creates enormous value through cross-platform programming and the popularization of entertainers, brands, content and social utilities. Through leveraging the power of theAudience network, and unparalleled expertise in social media, the company turns clients’ online presence across all the major social media platforms into thriving media properties, which can then be monetized in multiple ways. The company is comprised of storytellers, curators, producers, business innovators and entrepreneurs. HIGHLIGHTS AND PRESS:Founded by serial entrepreneurs, Sean Parker, Oliver Luckett and Ari Emanuel. theAudience Raises $20M in Series ATheAudience: Sean Parker and Ari Emanuel’s stealthy social media startupTech mogul Oliver Luckett connects with emerging artists in a big wayTurning Microcelebrity Into a Big BusinessOliver Luckett on “How Movie Studios are Marketing”WHY THEAUDIENCE?An excellent COMPANY: theAudience is a new kind of direct-to-consumer publishing company that exists within the very fabric of social networks. We build meaningful connections between leading entertainers, global brands, and highly engaged fans, through compelling, sharable content that binds their lives together. We publish over 6,000 unique items of content per month, reaching up to a billion people, and delivering 5-10 billion separate impressions. Using our suite of proprietary analytics tools, and by leveraging the power of our network, we then monetize the opportunities that emerge from these flourishing social media ecosystems.That sounds great, but what else?A path for growth: We’re a successful company built by a team of seasoned thought leaders and founded by serial entrepreneursCOMPENSATION: Competitive base salary with a rewards &amp; recognition system and an Employee Referral programHealth &amp; Benefits: Multiple comprehensive medical benefits packages to choose from, along with Pet Insurance and 401K programs availableRest &amp; Relaxation: PTO, Paid Holidays and so much moreCULTURE: We’re a collective of passionate marketing thought leaders, we work hard and play hard, we have a casual dress code, we enjoy office lunches, office dinners, office happy hours; the whole nine yards
 Value Added Team of Creative ProfessionalsNetConstructor is a San Diego based company Co-Founded by Christian Hochfilzer, Leo Baghdassarian and Kris Fredrickson and is composed of a tightly-knit group of talented and experienced professionals in the realm of marketing and media development. At the heart of NetConstructor is the simple belief that results speak for themselves. We understand that regardless of how aesthetically pleasing an advertisement or website may be, or how much theoretical sense the technique makes, unless the campaign produces the desired results, it has failed.Our Mission:At NetConstructor, we pride ourselves in utilizing technology to develop innovative ROI-focused marketing and media solutions that help our clients embrace the constantly evolving business place. We aim to build and nurture mutually beneficial partnerships with our clients and take an immense amount of pride in the work we perform and campaigns we launch on behalf of each and every company with which we work.Our Process:Our process is simple. By combining tried-and-true principles of advertising and human behavior, we plan each project with your target market in mind. We take a uniquely human approach to everything that we do and are constantly asking “how might the consumer react to this?” At the end of the day, we measure success by results. As such, we maintain an acute focus on how what we’re doing will have an impact where it counts: your bottom line.
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Our team is carefully balanced with the best specialists in the healthcare market and experts in web development and user experience. The great working atmosphere makes #URL_c452222ceb211c2d5bda2ae95359b5126a14ae69898d8d6ad37647064e99fbc9# a unique workplace... Bla bla bla.. Like you've never heard that before!But you're here and this means you are interested to find out what it's like to be in our team. For real. So get in touch! Skype or meet us. You will see for yourself, no BS :) We're hiring all the time.Here's something to whet your apetite: #URL_c652c59dabc32bfacc94f29318d40a48e955b8d1f60e31738721b73706cdf8d2#
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
ustwo offers you the opportunity to be yourself, whilst delivering the best work on the planet for some of the biggest and most innovative brands. A culture thriving on collaboration underpins what is an amazing work smart/ live well environment.We genuinely care about the work that we deliver and the people who help make it all possible. We only invest in projects, people and practices that we believe in, to ensure we remain excited about every opportunity. 
ISE resolves technology vulnerabilities through rigorous analyses to keep great companies great by providing expert, objective, targeted interventions. ISE is a rapidly expanding, dynamic, and unique small company that wants fresh, well-rounded individuals (underwater basket weaving is a plus) who love what they do and have a rockin’ time doing it. Our employees enjoy ISE’s creative, educational, and comfortable, environment where they can thrive professionally; and then take advantage of flexible hours and unlimited vacation days to support a great life when away from work.
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
Neverbland is a team of designers, developers and doers. Specialists in user experience, interaction design and product development. Having earned our spurs developing startups, we understand the importance of simple, elegant solutions and quick releases; matching beautiful aesthetic to functional design.We're driven by the Web's ability to unite and empower. That's why we're passionate about collaboration and the open source movement. But it's what we haven't done that really excites us. What's next?
Super Soccer Stars is the country's most popular soccer development program for kids. For over a decade, we have provided outstanding instruction for thousands of children in 400+ locations in NY, NJ, CT, MA, CA, FL, IL, Washington, DC, and London, UK! Super Soccer Stars was founded in 2000, and since its inception, it has been providing outstanding soccer development instruction for children aged 2 and up.
GridSix has been developing and marketing web sites for a variety of clients and industries since 2001.
We are a visual technology startup pioneering powerful immersive experiences for next generation wearable displays. Condition One combines advanced 3D graphics, high-resolution video and experiential storytelling to create a fundamentally new form of visual communication to enable a better understanding of the human experience.We’re excited to announce that we are in development with Zero Point, the first movie shot in 3D, 360 degree video optimized for the Oculus Rift head mounted display. In the film, we follow the pioneers of virtual reality; the researchers and developers creating an entirely new digital dimension. From combat training simulations at the Department of Defense, to research labs at Stanford, to indie game developers and hackers, this immersive video experience will bring viewers into the future of virtual reality.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Burns &amp; McBride has been providing quality home service solutions for generations.Since 1949, Burns &amp; McBride has been meeting the home comfort needs of Delaware homeowners. From our distinguished heating and cooling solutions to our innovative trash &amp; recycling and home security services, Burns &amp; McBride is devoted to ensuring that our customer's homes are always comfortable and secure.Through our four operating divisions, Burns &amp; McBride provides the most complete, guaranteed, and flexibly priced home comfort services in the market.Our successful programs have earned a reputation for innovation within our industry, and we look forward to even more growth in the years to come.A key element of our growth strategy is to build on the success of our existing team members.  We're looking to identify a few select individuals, with appropriate academic, work and life experience to join our team In both full and part-tme positions in a number of different capacities.Since our customer base is primarily located in northern Delaware, most of our staff and available positions are tied to our main office in Wilmington, DE.  However we do maintain a small call center in Provo, UT to provide extended customer care and telesales support services.For details on currently available opportunities and to submit an application and/or resume for consideration, please review the position descriptions listed below.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
StudyHall creates opportunities for college, university students, and recent graduates, to work with the best companies in America - such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and more.  Our project-based internships allow students to work remotely on various projects such as Adwords, Writing, SEO, Video production, Wordpress, Photoshop and Research.  But, the best part about StudyHall isn't just that you can do creative projects with mentors from amazing companies, but you can also earn money and show off your skills at the same time.  And if you do a great job, these companies can hire you full-time.APPLY NOW!#URL_4d9c394961f5f716f8dc7e4ba1431e46e14fa0d1018aa93d8b3019a56f1bcd65# (Click "Apply to Intern" on Homepage of #URL_ab309fb672a2b26317bd303c09c3c6762986d45c2bb1b4970cac579d697432e2#)
Niacet is a leading producer of organic salts, including propionates and acetates, serving the Food, Pharmaceutical and Technical industries. With two longstanding and fully automated manufacturing sites, located in Niagara Falls, NY USA, and Tiel, The Netherlands, Niacet offers world-class quality products to a global market. Our products fill vital needs in a broad range of applications that are essential to everyday life including food preservation, antibiotic formulation, dialysis treatment, energy production, and more.At Niacet all employees share in the growth and prosperity of the corporation. We want our employees to take pride in their personal and corporate accomplishments. Safe working conditions are achieved through continuous education of our  employees and improved facilities. We aim to provide job and financial security for all employees.
MarkaVIP is the leading online fashion destination in the Middle East and North Africa. We build and curate amazing products and services for families that appreciate fine name brands at a reasonable price. Our team of talented stylists, technologists and creatives are leading the way in customer experience and innovative online retail solutions.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
We are specialized in HR consulting, sourcing PhD, MSc &amp; MEng professionals on permanent and contract level positions across the globe.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
MAC Property Management is dedicated to providing an exemplary living experience, the highest possible quality of service and a superior value for our residents.  It is important for us to preserve the environment, improve infrastructures, and enhance the beauty of our settings.  We are in the process of acquiring new properties in these existing markets as well as expanding to new markets across the country.  MAC Property Management, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Mention changes the way you monitor the web. Create keyword-based alerts on your company name, your brand, and your competitors, and then get updated in real-time about any mentions over the web and social networks. Take action to react, collaborate, and get analytics about your online presence.With over 200,000 professionals using the app in 125+ countries, including companies such as GitHub, Spotify, MIT, Microsoft and Century21, Mention is focused on helping Marketing teams in Fortune 500 and Fortune 5,000,000 companies.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
Advantone is located in Plantation, FL. With our cloud-based telecommunications platform, we provide services such as: ACD, Predictive Dialing, Intelligent call routing, and Hosted IVR.We are always looking to expand our Engineering and Development teams.
As the premier design studio in Queens, we craft beautiful work using the latest technology and solve design problems that lead to satisfaction not just for our customers —  but for the design team as well. Clients such as Facebook, Reebok, and Ogilvy &amp; Mather come to us for our creative ideas and always-on-time reliability. From developing a web site that provides impactful business value, to producing a critical sales presentation on a tight timeline, we bring together gifted designers to deliver solutions that actually matter.In addition to the satisfaction of a job well done for industry-leading clients, we offer a full range of benefits for full-time employees including health insurance, vision/dental, 401(k), generous paid time off and a professional development program.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Lost My Name combines the power of storytelling with the possibilities of technology to make magical, personalised books and experiences for children. Our team of 15 (and growing) works out of a beautiful studio in Hackney, London. Our flagship title has sold tens of thousands of copies worldwide, and we're now working on our next generation of stories.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
incrediblue is busting the myth that boating is only for the rich and famous by enabling any traveller to book an amazing holiday on a boat. As it happened in lodging and in transportation, incrediblue is changing the travel industry again, by introducing a whole new travel category; boating. Boating is the ultimate vacation with all the comforts of being at home while you are exploring new destinations.We are an innovation driven, committed and fun to be around team, where every contribution, no matter how little or big, counts. So if you're a passionate professional with solid experience who wants to work in a world-class internet company, you are in the right place. As with all incrediblue team members, we’re looking for someone who takes pride in their entrepreneurial spirit, discipline, proactivity, guerilla mindset and great teamwork skills. That’s us!
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Daily Secret is one of the fastest growing digital media brand for premium audiences around the world, serving 1.8 million subscribers every day. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Headquartered in New York, NY and Athens, Greece, Daily Secret is backed by leading media investors, such as Greycroft Partners, eVentures, Ronald Lauder, Dick Parsons, and Andy Russell. To learn more about us visit #URL_e830679f90409d3a40bc46c9110e3c627418d0bff3a005f2a78539860ed584c2#
SEK Solutions is driven to be the #1 solutions provider for our customer's weapon storage, industrial storage, material handling &amp; logistics requirements. We are proud of the deep industry relationships we've developed over the years that allow us to offer our a broad selection of material handling equipment and supplies, as well as a variety of storage solutions.We are located in Virginia Beach, VA, where our employees enjoy the family-oriented communities and diverse recreational activities this area offers. We are a hard-working team committed to delivering excellent customer service; we also know how to enjoy a little fun while we are at it. We are growing rapidly and seek self starters with integrity and a willingness to succeed. If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, we encourage you to review and apply to any of our openings listed below.
ClearGuide is an intelligent documentation platform that organizes product knowledge into various forms of learning to teach everyone. 
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
United Med Force was created due to the high demand for elite sales professionals in the healthcare industry. United Med Force has rapidly become the trusted leader in medical device and pharmaceutical sales distribution. It has successfully partnered with world-class physicians in various markets, providing them with the most advanced products in the industry. Our company prides itself on 3 main principles: Innovative product portfolio, professional product expertise, and unparalleled customer service. Today as a national sales organization, we service leading healthcare providers and institutions. Our success can be mainly attributed to our elite sales professionals. United Med Force has abandoned the age old training method, which is comprised of a quick one week product overview followed by releasing the reps out on the field unprepared. Our unique training approach involves in depth and continuous product and self development tools that equip our sales professionals to become market-share leaders in their respective territories. Our dedication to becoming the top sales organization, passion in our craft, and hunger for providing valuable solutions is why we are one of the fastest growing medical sales companies today. Our goal is to bring highly differentiated sales professionals to every market across the country.
Based out of Vancouver, and Victoria, BC, Canada, we provide solutions for schedule based businesses to manage, promote and sell their services on-line through our popular cloud-based booking and e-commerce platform.Our first public release was in June of 2009. Since then our merchants have processed over 375 million (USD) in online bookings.Join a driven team with a true commitment to culture and distributed workforce.  Flexible hours to maintain a work-life balance and routine in contributing a popular solution to an active community. Learn about an exciting industry and meet our customers.We are a growing company and are always interested in talking with experienced, creative individuals. Please check back or inquire directly if you are interested in a role not listed here. No agencies please.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
RealScout is SalesForce + Zillow for the $50B residential real estate sales industry. The platform allows Realtors® to collaborate with their clients around home search. RealScout is the only website that allows home buyers to browse photos of important features for active listings.See more at #URL_703b3b552da59fc3c9c8282636927c335da79351a533b002d2ee7b1b3601a132#.Realtors® can manage their pipeline using our lightweight CRM while engaging their clients with our full-featured search technology and natural language email alerts.FundingWe are backed by prominent VC’s and angel investors including DCM, Joe Lonsdale at Formation 8 and Ken DeLeon, the number one Realtor® in the US.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Adthena is the UK’s leading competitive intelligence service for Google search advertisers. Adthena is loved by major brands and digital agencies alike and provides a great opportunity to work in the high growth adtech space. Our patent-pending technologies provide unparalleled accuracy for clients to understand their competitors’ keywords, budgets, spend, CPCs, Adcopy and more. We're profitable, fast growing and love what we do.
Jtec is an award-winning IT solutions provider from Cornwall, Ontario, Canada. From IT products to service management and web solutions, we are a total IT solutions provider. Jtec treats its staff like family, offering a host of employee benefits and work perks, including:Competitive salariesGenerous benefitsFree-lunch FridaysPerformance IncentivesContinuing educationPaid Traveland more!If you're a hard worker that enjoys working in a fast-paced, technology-driven organization, then we want to hear from you!
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
American Kidz Academy® is the expert in elite urban education and child care. We offer the best solution for families living in highly dense and sophisticated urban areas. Our boutique designed schools and our online programs combined with our Elite Urban Education® program will give your child a unique and rewarding learning experience. Our child care facilties and program are designed to exceed the highest standards set in the child care industry. By conducting business throughout the United States and Europe, we have created premier Childcare Centers and Educational Solutions for parents .
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We are an award-winning team of professionals, providing the very best value for glass shower enclosures, designer closets, storefronts, glazing, and mirrors in Western Washington, with world class service and quality that are both Faster &amp; Better.AAA KARTAK is family owned and operated, serving Western Washington homeowners and building contractors since 1956.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Workable is a venture-backed startup making cloud-based recruitment software for fast-growing companies around the world. We're looking for people who want to change the way companies and people meet each other.Life at WorkableAt Workable we are creating an environment that has all the excitement and intellectual stimulation of a startup, minus the fads and pretension. We don't work 80-hour weeks, but we do work in an efficient and disciplined manner. We don't have ninjas and rock stars, we have people who are outstanding at what they do. We don't think it's old fashioned to have a sensible business model and we enjoy working with smart people.&gt; learn more about Workable and our employee benefits
For over 15 years, CaseNEX has been a leader in the education technology industry and continues to provide flexible and customized online solutions for teachers, students, and parents. CaseNEX offers an array of services and products, including professional development courses for teachers and data collecting tools to monitor students’ individual progress. Now used in all 50 states, CaseNEX has recently grown, adding two additional divisions: DataCation and PALS Marketplace. 
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
We're a not so traditional, fun filled, results driven marketing agency of 16 full time marketing, design, development, content, SEM and video professionals. Team members at Fat Atom (we don't have employees) are expected to do the best job they can for each client, not just the one they are hired to do. We work as a team to accomplish client goals and hire people to fit our culture first, experience second and education last. Do you have what it takes to hang out with the cool kids in the lunchroom? If so, we would love to hear from you.
grandPad is the safest and simplest tablet computer that effortlessly connects seniors to those they love
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Vayu builds affordable unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for healthcare supply chain management and post-disaster aid delivery.Currently, healthcare providers and disaster relief responders depend on costly, slow, and unreliable transportation by motorcycles, cars, and trucks to serve remote communities. One billion people live all or part of the year without access to all-weather roads. Vayu's UAVs will provide affordable, fast, and reliable delivery of vital goods to these isolated areas, both on a regular basis and in times of crisis.Our offices are in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA and New Delhi, India.
Maria's Gourmet Kitchen is a personal chef sharing startup founded in Houston, TX by Executive Chef Maria Bedrosian and backed by Internet Entrepreneur &amp; Angel Investor Bedros Bedrosian. The rise of the Internet sharing economy now empowers us with more choices on where to stay (airbnb), how to get from point a to point b (relayrides) and with the advent of MGK, how we'll make dinner tonight.We're looking for exceptional individuals to work with us to make our vision a reality. If you're ambitious, talented and bring culinary, business or technical experience, we're interested in meeting you! 
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We deliver premium value at competitive prices. Our services are matchless and provide long term benefits to our clients. We satisfy our clients by meeting or exceeding their expectations and enhancing long term relations. On-Time ManPower, a staffing solutions provider, has been helping clients succeed for over a decade. We service all types of companies in search of competent and reliable workers.
The Pinkston Group works with a select group of clients to create and execute media strategies that meet their public relations objectives, whether creating or growing a brand, promoting or launching products or books, influencing legislation, or avoiding or managing a crisis. The Pinkston Group specializes in building a profile for clients with zero visibility and tactically developing existing brands to ensure that each client’s public presence is meeting its strategic vision.The Pinkston Group emphasizes the importance of proactive public relations, generating positive press coverage by telling our clients’ stories well, highlighting what makes them unique, maximizing the news impact of announcements or events, and establishing client representatives as thought leaders in their industry. In addition to generating positive coverage, the Pinkston Group has extensive experience helping clients avoid negative publicity by providing frontline-tested guidance for responding quickly and intelligently to communications crises. When crisis hits, the Pinkston Group helps clients correct course and calm the storm.The Pinkston Group has offices in Northern Virginia outside Washington, D.C., and in Boston, Mass. Pleasecontact us for more information or to explore a working relationship.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
Headquartered in Milan and New York and with 400 million users all around the world, Beintoo is a true engagement platform with a full set of gamification tools – badges, missions, leaderboards, contests, etc. – for mobile and web applications, games and national brick-and-mortar or online retailers.Beintoo gives value to users’ engagement by distributing currency – Bedollars, which can be used for premium offers and real world benefits. Bedollars are meritocratic, global and can be redeemed in the Bestore or in the online stores of Beintoo’s retail partners for thousands of appealing offers. In addition to this, Beintoo rewards its users for their engagement and achievements by letting them convert their Bedollars into real cash once they shop on our partner retailers’ websites.Via Beintoo’s reward engine, Developers can attain deeper user engagement and monetize inside and outside their apps, as they get paid for every Bedollar redeemed by a user.Sponsors on the other hand, benefit from the most innovative way of engaging with their customers through our customized and defined loyalty programs, maximizing the efficiency of their ad campaigns to reach conversion rates that are high above average.Due to its global presence, Beintoo is building a worldwide network of online and offline retailer partners and developers that will accept Bedollars and virtual credits as a method of payment. 
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
Depop is an exciting new mobile marketplace where you can sell things by simply taking a picture, as well as follow your friends and buy unique things.Depop has already been received with great enthusiasm in our test regions and it is now beginning to expand into the global market, following funding from highly prestigious venture capitalists.This is an extremely exciting time to join a young, fast growing and very promising company based in the Shoreditch area, backed by some of the most prestigious VC’s in the technology market.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
Our mission is to optimize the first screen of mobile to better connect users with the world.Founded in 2012 by leaders in the South Korean startup and tech scene (ex-Google, Naver, Ticketmonster, etc.) and backed by Softbank Ventures Korea, we’re building a team of people who aspire to change the world by dreaming the impossible. We’re a team of 30 based in our HQ in Seoul, and we have recently set up our new offices in San Francisco, Tokyo, and Taipei for global operations. Our flagship mobile app, Honeyscreen, has reached over 2 million users in South Korea since its launch and is the leading lock screen advertising platform in Japan, making us primed to impact mobile advertising on a global scale.To find out more about Buzzvil life and culture, check out our blog! 
Union is a digital marketing agency founded in 2002 and headquartered in Charlotte, NC. Considered a digital marketing leader, Union collaborates with many of the Southeast region’s top brands to achieve business objectives through strategy, creative and technology. The agency specializes in crafting digital marketing platforms, content, and campaigns that deliver meaningful and measurable ROI results.Join Our TeamUnion differentiates itself by cultivating a talented team and working environment that delivers the highest level of strategic thinking and creativity — and delivers the technologies that support highly inventive marketing experiences. We value those individuals who are independent problem solvers, but can create value in a team-oriented environment and who can recognize when we need to push our clients’ expectations further.We always keep an eye out for talented people to join our agency family. If you see an opening that fits your experience, please take the time to introduce yourself!
Envision Consulting conducts retained searches for nonprofit clients seeking to expand and enhance their mission through talent acquisitions. We specialize in providing solutions to not-for-profit organizations, offering coaching, planning and staffing tailored specifically for growth and impact.  Because we understand the nonprofit arena, Envision Consulting is uniquely positioned to attract and engage passionate and experienced #URL_135acbfca77647cdc1c6411a737326862613a94ee0e7607ca7fbf82ed3de56e1# can learn more about Envision Consulting at #URL_89817e06eaa567855f835d96bceed4bd74a3ce6bf209bc589b2a9b2da5422608#
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Taxibeat is changing the global taxi industry. It's an easy to use, convenient and contemporary way to hail and book a taxi using a smartphone. It uses the mobile technology to connect directly taxi drivers and passengers in the same way that Google AdWords connects advertisers and Internet users: taxi drivers advertise their location and availability to nearby passengers who are searching for a taxi using their Taxibeat mobile app. It consists of two mobile applications, one for taxi drivers and one for passengers. While drivers use the application to declare their position and availability, passengers use the Taxibeat app to virtually "see" all nearby available taxi drivers, in a range of about 2 kms. They see every possible information about each driver (distance, car model, customers' rating, services provided, etc) and select which driver to hail with a touch on the screen. Taxibeat launched with great success at May 2011 in Athens Greece, and now expands in a number of countries like Brazil, France, Romania and Norway. Want to join the global transportation revolution?
RxData provides pharmaceutical companies with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of drug costs and insurance coverage globally. Right now, pharma companies spend 100 hours per analysis, having to farm through fragmented data and manually analyze hundreds of sources. RxData enables pharma to complete this same analysis in 5 minutes with real-time access to pricing, market access, and clinical data across 20+ countries to inform strategic decisions.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Although AssistRx was formed in only 2009, we have capitalized on our 30 years of combined experience working within the specialty distribution channel, both in caring for patients as well as close collaboration with pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Our simple goal is to apply innovative solutions to provide greater access to therapy.                                                    Through years of exposure and insider knowledge, AssistRx (ARX) has become intimately acquainted with specialty therapy distribution, but has also identified shortcomings that exist in meeting patients’ needs using the current industry methodology.  Seeking to detangle the intricate complications that arise in this niche market, ARX has developed exclusive technology with our iAssist product and, when combined with our customizable features and superior service, we are confident it will be exactly what your organization needs to resolve prevalent issues and excel in customer care.  In fact, we believe our unique technology will revolutionize the current specialty distribution market by creating a seamless and efficient system to ensure benefits to all parties involved.                                                    AssistRx, as a company, is dedicated to developing technology solutions and offering premium customer service for the specialty pharma industry.  Improvement in the delivery of patient care has been a core motivation for ARX as we have partnered with healthcare companies, and it will continue to inspire us to find better solutions to continue to meet needs in this ever growing and changing market.                        AssistRx, Tomorrow's Technology Today.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Depop is an exciting new mobile marketplace where you can sell things by simply taking a picture, as well as follow your friends and buy unique things.Depop has already been received with great enthusiasm in our test regions and it is now beginning to expand into the global market, following funding from highly prestigious venture capitalists.This is an extremely exciting time to join a young, fast growing and very promising company based in the Shoreditch area, backed by some of the most prestigious VC’s in the technology market.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
At FutureLearn, we want to inspire learning for life. We offer a diverse selection of free, high quality online courses from some of the world’s leading universities and other outstanding cultural institutions.Our aim is to connect learners from all over the globe with high quality educators, and with each other. We believe learning should be an enjoyable, social experience, with plenty of opportunities to discuss what you’ve studied, in order to make fresh discoveries and form new ideas.FutureLearn is being built by experienced educators, disruptive thinkers, entertainment experts and geeks.  Our team combines years of experience building great online and mobile experiences for consumers globally.We are a private company wholly owned by the Open University, with the benefit of over 40 years of their experience in distance learning and online education. Our partners include over 20 of the best UK and international universities, as well as institutions with a huge archive of cultural and educational material, including the British Council, the British Library, and the British Museum.We are growing fast. We need people who believe that the opportunities of a great education should be open to everyone. We need people who want to be part of the challenge to break down barriers and inspire millions of people to continue their learning journey throughout their lives. And we want people interested in working for an innovative web company in a fast-moving sector.  Bring your skills, pioneering spirit and collaborative instincts, join our team and be at the forefront of this amazing adventure.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Omega Systems Group, Inc. is a professional services and management consulting firm, specializing in providing IT services in the areas of; Business Management Solutions, Project Based Consulting, Talent Acquisition, Training, Middleware and Web Services.  We are experienced in working with government agencies and mid to large size corporations within various industries.  While our core business is Strategic Planning and Business Process Re-engineering, we are also considered experts in customized Software Development and Content Management Web Development.Omega Systems Group provides seasoned management consultants and IT professionals for our Clients’ mission critical projects. We identify the best fit for their project needs through careful assessments and analysis of IT resources in the following areas:► Project Management► Web Design &amp; Development► Information Design &amp; Architecture► Business and System Analysis► Software Development and Engineering► Database Design, Development, and Administration
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
StartTech Ventures is the investment &amp; incubation arm of the Materializing Innovation Group and has three functions: Seed Fund, Incubator and Business Angel Network. We build on the experience its people gained out of starting Virtual Trip, the first successful student start-up in Greece, spinning out more than 10 high-tech companies and creating a next generation startup accelerator via introducing the "Entrepreneurial Ecosystem" concept; supporting high-growth businesses to take advantage of economies of scale without compromising flexibility and strong entrepreneurial drive. Our portfolio includes amazing tech companies such as eFront e-Learning, AbZorba Games, TalentLMS, Psycholate and SOLO Gateway. We publish job openings both for the StartTech Ventures incubator and the CoLab Athens coworking space as well as for our posrtfolio companies.
At Cedexis, we’re passionate about solutions for a faster web and we need people to bring our message to the world.The Internet can be a messy place. Cedexis makes it much easier for companies to evaluate and make decisions on how they serve content to their customers. Today, over 250 media, retail, luxury and consumer brands count on Cedexis for 100% availability, optimal web performance, flexibility and choice that drives traffic and revenue at lower cost and risk. Our customers include Mozilla, Microsoft, NBC, Lacoste, and Volkswagen.Founded in 2009, we’re focused innovators at the core of global expansion strategies. We’re committed to making the web and mobile user experiences equally fast and robust for each and every user on the planet.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
Replise was started in 2008, just a year after Twitter was launched, by a bunch of serial entrepreneurs who believed they could bridge the gap between technology and business. We focus on what we are best at: analysing social media and giving insights; so our customers can focus on what they are best at: their core business. The expertise of our research team, the flexibility of our social analytics platform and the breadth and depth of our data empower our customers. They can develop better products because we help them understand the needs and wants of their target audiences. They can keep ahead of their competitors and keep up with their industry’s cutting edge because we help them see what’s in the big picture and what is not. This is why we work with brands like Nike, Samsung and Nestle, and many communication agencies across Europe.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
FiLo is a leader in custom software application development.Founded in 2006, FiLo has been delivering effective solutions for diverse #URL_697f055765dc61395d3c007e8e29d5b03255c111bdedf1ceb178b1085190b9f4# company has experienced positive growth and quickly expanded its capabilities to offer its clients customization services of third party software, saving its clients time and money.Filo developers write programs for a multitude of devices:the Web, desktop, phones,smart pads and hand held scanners.FiLo has built cutting edge solutions around technologies such as active and passive RFID, Mobile handheld devices, image processing, as well as enterprise multi-threaded client/server architectures. With over 20+ years of software experience, FiLo's capabilities extend beyond software development. We have vast experience in digitizing/automating legacy processes, streamlining logistical operations, research and development of new technologies, networking administration, IT staffing and process documentation.
Since 1978Our goal has been to create engaging brand experiences in the most effective medium available which we've been doing since the Stones were kids and President Carter told us to turn down the heat. Our average client relationship spans well over a decade, three times the industry average.11th Best Place to Work - Outside Magazine 2013Top Shop in Idaho - Adweek 2013What?We Build Brands.Why?Clients hire us to increase sales. That is the ultimate measure of their success and ours.How?Our job is to influence. We build and execute strategies that create conversations with our audience and engagement with the brand. Tactics come and go, but with solid strategy comes real business results.#URL_ad9af5103c77ae753412930213a5b1baa41c51e567e1038beedb25d2366117b1#
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
TalkLocal is seeking to bring together the brightest minds to develop the most efficient methods of connecting consumers with local companies. As a next generation technology firm, we strive for innovation in every part of our business. We are continuously looking for individuals who think outside the box and want to be part of our team. If you are truly interested in making an impact on a growing business and helping local companies expand in an changing economy, then you should apply for one of our exciting positions.
Pollfish is a technology company that aims to change the landscape of market research. Accessing more than 14,000,000 consumers via 3rd party mobile apps we bring realtime, cost-effective and immediate consumers insights to our clients.
Magmic is a leading developer and publisher of mobile social games and entertainment. We publish a full range of content, from original titles including Ka-Glom, and Texas Hold’em King to top licensed content from brand name entertainment publishers like Mattel, Disney, and Rubik’s Cube. We have led the mobile entertainment revolution since 2002, and currently ship products to all major app stores including; iTunes App Store, BlackBerry World, Google Play, Amazon App Store and various carrier decks. Privately owned, Magmic is located in Ottawa, Canada in the heart of the Byward Market.
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
MedTalent is a modern staffing company that specializes in the placement of physicians, nurses and healthcare professionals across the United States. For job updates follow us on Twitter and Facebook 
We are a young, dynamic, fast-growing digital marketing agency established in February 2013 and headquartered in Athens, Greece. We are storytellers; we combine strategy with creativity and technology in order to create user-centric campaigns. We think of ourselves as Digital Brand-Builders; a team comprised of individuals with great experience in both digital communications and strategic marketing.  We offer our clients a 360 service that covers the entire spectrum of a brand's existence across digital channels. Our mission is to create world-class interactive experiences, empower audiences to connect and share, and thus, deliver measurable results through creative innovation.We are looking for the next passionate member of our team, so we can create interesting and innovative things together.
Baremetrics (#URL_818d0992c7cb169e16509ce673146ace42b9d6b31c698ec7fc0a0ecb023c668c#) is zero-setup, one-click SaaS analytics for Stripe. We provide the tools and data businesses need to make solid business decisions.Founded in 2013, we're working hard to help businesses spend less time crunching numbers and looking at spreadsheets and instead give them instant access to metrics and business insights that they need to run their businesses.We're looking for folks who like to solve problems and build a business and product that people genuinely love to interact with.Where you're located doesn't matter. Live and work wherever you please. We're 100% remote.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We're hiring!AvenueStory is a concept driven by people, a team that thrives by delivering results, making people happy and achieving targets. We always need talented individuals to help us grow, develop and improve our service. If this sounds a bit like you, we invite you to be part of our international and dynamic team.Avenue Story offers chic apartment accommodation in Paris and London for leisure and business short term stays - a redefined travel experience, enabling guests to stay in unique surroundings and explore each city like a local. Our offer also include personalized local concierge service, helping each guest plan all stages of their trip. See what we do here.        
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
TapHunter (#URL_95b1bf876c79465b7a563292438e8293a651920b605b528509c8d4c14bfc174e#) provides bars, restaurants, bottle shops, tasting rooms, and breweries with time- and money-saving tools that automatically update beverage inventory on social media channels, websites, and print, digital display, and tablet menus. We empower our customers with quantifiable insight into consumer behavior and local market trends, leading to informed beverage inventory decisions and transforming beverage menus into valuable profit-producing tools.#URL_a9808e66e9d8564d6374f86d393d400193ebd72c05b91d8a7a3a55405b708c55# and the TapHunter mobile app, available on iTunes and Google Play, enable beer, spirits, and cocktail enthusiasts to locate their favorite beverages in markets across the United States.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
At Founders we create companies. We are are a team of people who constantly work and experiment with business models applying our Creation Process to build new businesses. During the process, we partner with individuals who will become co-founders and ultimately CEOs of the businesses. We are not an incubator, nor a venture capital firm. We are simply a company that creates companies.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Based in San Francisco with a development office in Budapest, Hungary, Secret Sauce Partners enables the world's largest ecommerce companies to provide the best shopping experiences online. Our products are branded and built into ecommerce web sites and are actively used by over 40 million users. We are well funded, fun, dynamic and growing fast. Join us!
Do you want to help people be more successful at work? Then consider Jhana, a feisty little startup that pursues this goal every day.Here’s why our team loves working here:Our mission matters. Weak, poorly trained managers can really hurt companies and make life worse for the people on their teams. It’s rewarding to help managers do better — and, by extension, the companies they work for and the people they work with. Learn more about what we do.We like working with one another. It’s fun to collaborate with interesting, supportive, driven people. Learn more about our team.We’re building a sustainable company — together. We’re not one of those flash-in-the-pan startups. We want Jhana to grow responsibly over the long term, and the whole team has a say in how that happens. Learn more about our values.We  offer a competitive compensation package, health/dental/vision benefits, equity, and a learning budget.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Olympus Advertising specializes in retail programs for our clients’ products and services. Our extensive client base speaks for itself while we also represent the leader in Satellite Television Services. With the 2010 unveiling of our new marketing program, we have developed a major presence in some of largest chain retailers in the nation.Olympus Advertising was created to acquire and retain customers in a more personalized approach for various types of companies and businesses. Today, we lead the nation in outsourced advertising as wellas in innovative marketing campaigns.Our clients have specific areas of expertise ranging from home improvement, electronics to the biggest names in satellite television services. Our focus and goal for every client is to supply them with superior service and a quality sales team to enhance their product and services. With representatives nationwide, our one-on-one approach allows us to provide the highest quality sales and marketing services to our clients and their customers alike.We strive to reach goals not only for our company, but our clients, customers and staff as well. To create a stronger presence in our community for the clients we represent, to go above and beyond the norm and have a level of success that far exceeds our competition.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
About The Symicor Group:Bankers Recruiting Bankers - The Symicor Group is a boutique bank-only talent acquisition firm based in Chicago. Our nationally unique value proposition centers around providing the very best available banking talent to our valued clients...from a banker's perspective. In fact, most of our recruiters are former bankers themselves! We know banking and how to evaluate the very best banking talent available in the market. Whether you are a bank candidate seeking a new opportunity or a bank president trying to fill an essential position, The Symicor Group stands ready to deliver premium results for you. View all jobs at this company |  View company website
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Telecentrix Inc. is a leading provider of business management solutions for companies across the country. We work closely with some of the most notable companies in the world, creating innovative ways to enhance the relationships they have with their customers.The incredible success we’ve had is thanks to the nearly 30,000 employees that use the training they have received here to manage millions of customer interactions every year.We are always looking to add motivated, talented individuals to our team.
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Atlas Lift Tech, safety always comes first!  We are a fast growing company with an innovative vision of making Safe Patient Handling and Mobility (SPHM) programs available to hospitals systems nationwide. ATLAS is the first company offering safe patient handling and care staff training programs that protect healthcare workers and patients from the dangers of manual patient handling. Our unique team brings together bedside training, education, and program management to empower care givers to reduce workplace injuries, improve patient care, and create a culture of safety.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Risei Consultancy is a mid-sized firm working on recruitments
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
ustwo offers you the opportunity to be yourself, whilst delivering the best work on the planet for some of the biggest and most innovative brands. A culture thriving on collaboration underpins what is an amazing work smart/ live well environment.We genuinely care about the work that we deliver and the people who help make it all possible. We only invest in projects, people and practices that we believe in, to ensure we remain excited about every opportunity. 
EatAds is a global platform business, like #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# or #URL_5b04abc806bc1d9e9b9491c41c8b2d7557455714849cfbdd9401b1094f5be684#, but instead for the global Out-of-Home media industry. We're based in Sinagpore and India and we're growing fast. The Founders are all experienced entrepreneurs, backed by some of the most experienced digital investors in India and Singapore. This $33b industry has been lacking a platform, and thus we help both buyers and sellers leverage the benefits of a platform for the first time. We're initially focussing on South Asia and South-East Asia although already have users from outside these regions.EatAds is similar to #URL_f012da9e26184dad52230f43da2d165067791f2b862a7742876a8d0d5a208119# (USA), #URL_3613edc46487e81246859966aee52388d9ea323d632a9cb699c3aa877db2cf9a# (Singapore) or #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# (India); both in model and technology. EatAds not only provides vendors a platform to list their sites, but also a raft of workflow solutions to manage their inventory, undertake mobile site monitoring and many more. All of these process have been occurring manually until now. For buyer we create a more efficient process to discover, plan, research, buy and sell Out-of-Home (OOH) media. EatAds is subscription model.  In addition to a listing and lead generation platform EatAds also provides (either directly or via integration) a raft of cloud-based workflow solutions for all stages of the Out-of-Home media value chain. We take no commission and are designed for fast growth.
90 Seconds, the worlds Cloud Video Production Service.90 Seconds is the worlds Cloud Video Production Service enabling brands and agencies to get high quality online video content shot and produced anywhere in the world. 90 Seconds makes video production fast, affordable, and all managed seamlessly in the cloud from purchase to publish. http://90#URL_fbe6559afac620a3cd2c22281f7b8d0eef56a73e3d9a311e2f1ca13d081dd630#90 Seconds removes the hassle, cost, risk and speed issues of working with regular video production companies by managing every aspect of video projects in a beautiful online experience. With a growing global network of over 2,000 rated video professionals in over 50 countries managed by dedicated production success teams in 5 countries, 90 Seconds provides a 100% success guarantee.90 Seconds has produced almost 4,000 videos in over 30 Countries for over 500 Global brands including some of the worlds largest including Paypal, L’Oreal, Sony and Barclays and has offices in Auckland, London, Sydney, Tokyo and Singapore.http://90#URL_fbe6559afac620a3cd2c22281f7b8d0eef56a73e3d9a311e2f1ca13d081dd630# | http://90#URL_e2ad0bde3f09a0913a486abdbb1e6ac373bb3310f64b1fbcf550049bcba4a17b# | http://90#URL_8c5dd1806f97ab90876d9daebeb430f682dbc87e2f01549b47e96c7bff2ea17e# 
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
About the CompanyWe are ticketscript - the European market leaders in digital self-ticketing. Whether it’s massive dance events, festivals, gigs, outdoor cinemas, fairs, theater shows, exhibitions, comedy nights, or award ceremonies - we do them all! We believe in empowering our customers. Their success is our success. So far over 50,000 events have worked with us - and this is only the beginning. We have offices in London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Berlin and Barcelona and are rapidly expanding across Europe.
Coldwell Banker Burnet was founded in Minneapolis in 1973 and rapidly expanded throughout the Twin Cities metropolitan area.   In just seven and a half years, the company became number one in residential real estate in Minnesota.In 1991, the company was recognized by Real Trends newsletter as the third largest independent real estate broker in America.   In 1994, the company received the upper Midwest region Entrepreneur of the Year award in recognition of its successful growth.   In 1995, the United Hospital Foundation honored company founder Ralph Burnet with the Service to Humanity Award for his commitment to the community and the substantial charitable contributions generated by the Burnet Senior Classic, a company-sponsored Senior PGA Tour event.In February 1998, Burnet Financial Group was sold to NRT, LLC and began operating under the Coldwell Banker banner.Today, Coldwell Banker Burnet is a leading full-service residential real estate company with nearly 2,000 sales associates and 25 offices that serves home buyers and sellers throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin. Our outstanding sales associates have extensive knowledge of the neighborhoods, communities and market trends in this region and are well-known for providing professional, superior service to their customers.Our success is the result of a strong commitment and dedication to our customers, as well as our full range of home-related services that allow our sales associates to streamline your buying, owning, and selling experience.   Our customers benefit from convenient, one-stop shopping, including nationwide homes sales and home finding, mortgage financing, title insurance, relocation, concierge services, the Coldwell Banker Home Protection Plan, and personal insurance services.  Plus we offer an array of specialized luxury home marketing services through our industry-leading Previews® - Distinctive Homes® Division.It’s no wonder that home buyers and sellers have turned to us for their real estate needs for 38 years.
Being into the IT domain for over 4 years, Walkover specializes in web based application development and mobile application development. It has been creating innovative products since it was founded and continues to introduce new products from time to time.Technologies we useCore PHP, Python, #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659#, Android, Windows, open source software and powerful AWS servers. Walkover uses the best available technology - premium version of databases and so on, so that our products work smoothly.Key ProductsMSG91 (SMS solutions provider)MSG91 is an internet based service that allows you to send SMS and critical alerts to the masses.Product info:#URL_dec6f6c8d9574a0bc1a076d97338f24cd6025226211457c53c3687296348c0f4#UtterU (International calling)UtterU enables international calling by using mobile dialers, access numbers and other ways like two-way calling.  It helps you connect all over the world at very low cost.Product info: #URL_c7cee061daffb40439ee81a61a60ff7f68ca42dd3fd22258a611ff29d71dbae5#Giddh (Accounting software)Giddh is an extremely simple to use Accounting software that manages your day to day financial transactions in a systematic way so that it enhances the efficiency of your business.Product info: #URL_50c92cae3ee0f3f612d663ce1c86fd894e4c1a6247b98a273f0c828e13c68de2#Saveandsearch (Save your documents now to search them later)A web based tool which enables you to save anything and search later.Product info: #URL_cbcbf9e91b0d65022dfffc9fcab1f6005b8f6f42b967c08f21d13332ff197003#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Smilers Selection has been INTRODUCING TALENT TO OPPORTUNITY since 1979.  We are a team of four consultants, three placing permanent staff and one placing flexible staff.  Our consultants are assisted by two support staff members.  We are proud of the fact that our four consultants have over 72 years combined, unbroken recruitment service!At least 30% of our client base have been loyal clients since our inception in 1979.  Our Managing Partner is a founder member of APSO (Federation of African Personnel Services Organisations) and our consultants have served on the Western Cape APSO Committee. Our symbol is Bastet, who was honoured in Ancient Egypt as a daughter of the sun god, associated with motherhood and was appealed to as a gentle protector.  At Smilers we look after people and so the eternal cat is the perfect symbol for us.SpecialtiesRecruitment &amp; Selection - Permanent &amp; Flexible, Skills Assessments, Background Checks, Workplace Wellness, Career Counselling &amp; Guidance.
Ginetta Web/Mobile is a leading web company based in Zürich, Switzerland. We carefully design and develop outstanding user experiences for our clients. The applications we build are simple, beautiful and fun to use.We value people over deadlines. We offer a respectful, creative and result-oriented environment in which you can perform at your highest level. We work hard, sweat the details, and celebrate our progress with drinks at the end of the week.Check out our jobs page to learn more about what it’s like to work at Ginetta.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
About the CompanyAviary makes the world’s best photo editor. It’s used in more than 6,000 apps, including our own, which is a Top 100 app on both iOS and Android. Each month, more than 65 million people actively use our products.The Aviary team is on a mission to democratize creativity. The company was founded by the creators of Worth1000, who have always been obsessed with the idea of turning everyone in the world into artists. We are 25 people based in New York and financially backed by leading investors including Spark Capital, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman. Aviary is well positioned to lead the next generation of creative companies.Aviary has a highly team-driven company culture. Everyone in the company is great to work with and contributes meaningfully to the overall company direction. As one might expect, we are a creative group inside of work and out: whether it’s painting, improv comedy, bagpipes, or karaoke, our team members have diverse and interesting passions. We keep our culture startup-friendly to the core (ping-pong tables, free lunches and party games abound) and plan to keep it that way forever, whether we are 25 people or thousands.Why work at Aviary?We build beautiful photo editing software that can be used in any application. We're a small, creative team and we're passionate about powering the world's creativity. If you're an awesome person who wants to help us achieve that goal, we'd love to hear from you!Working with usYou'll work in a fast-paced startup environment, full of challenges and new opportunities. We can promise with complete confidence that you will never be bored.Share a workspace with a variety of creative, interesting people with a huge range of weird hobbies.Great location for commuters: our windows literally overlook Madison Square Garden. We may or may not have tried projecting our website onto MSG. (We totally did. It totally worked.)Our conference table doubles as a pool table. Plus, we have heated matches of ping pong, foosball, and Fifa to help get the creative juices flowing!PerksWe want a happy, healthy, and creative team. We know you can't have that without real work/life balance and plenty of perks. To that end, we offer:Competitive salaries, full medical/dental insurance, tons of paid vacation, and an ample budget to customize a top-notch workstation to your heart’s content.All the free coffee and snacks you can consume. Fully stocked fridge. Catered team lunches four days a week.Constant learning. Coding workshops, company-sponsored educational courses, and genius coworkers who show each other new things every day.
We're Thread, and we're trying to reinvent retail so guys can dress well without being subjected to the horrors of high street shopping or having to trawl through millions of items online.We do this by using a clever combination of algorithms and human stylists to give guys the perfect selection of things that will look amazing on them. Our goal is to create the new global default for how men buy clothes. We're live, have lots of customers who are obsessive about the product, and revenues are growing quickly.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
H WEDIA είναι μια ταχύτατα αναπτυσσόμενη ελληνική digital εταιρεία που δραστηριοποιείται από το 2009 στο χώρο των ψηφιακών μέσων και επικοινωνίας παρέχοντας λύσεις υψηλής αισθητικής, ποιότητας και λειτουργικότητας.Δημιουργούμε και διαχειριζόμαστε ψηφιακά σημεία παρουσίασης, ενημέρωσης, επικοινωνίας, πώλησης και συνεργασίας. Τέτοια σημεία περιλαμβάνουν Web sites, News portals, e-Shops, Micro-sites, Web applications, Facebook pages αλλά και άλλα Social Media κανάλια, Mobile applications, Intranets. Όλα αυτά, τα σχεδιάζουμε, τα υλοποιούμε τεχνικά, κι εξασφαλίζουμε ότι θα λειτουργούν χωρίς πρόβλημα 24x7 σε συνθήκες υψηλής διαθεσιμότητας και απόδοσης,ενώ παράλληλα,Προωθούμε και επικοινωνούμε την αξία προϊόντων ή υπηρεσιών με ψηφιακούς τρόπους, με στόχο την αναγνωρισιμότητα ή την πώληση. Το κάνουμε παράγοντας branded περιεχόμενο, κτίζοντας ενεργές κοινότητες επισκεπτών και fans, δημιουργώντας και τρέχοντας display και search καμπάνιες, διαφημιστικές καμπάνιες και activations στο Facebook ή σε άλλα social networks, καθώς επίσης και ολοκληρωμένες ενέργειες Inbound Marketing για την προσέλκυση επισκεπτών και μετατροπή τους σε πελάτες.Στο πελατολόγιο μας ανήκουν μεγάλες εταιρείες, φορείς, ειδησεογραφικοί οργανισμοί και ιδρύματα όπως είναι η Τράπεζα Πειραιώς, η Eurolife ERB Ασφαλιστική, το Κολλέγιο Αθηνών, ο Εκδοτικός Οργανισμός ΔΙΑΣ, η Cyta Ελλάδος, το #URL_a64df80699bb678107424e0f984503f20b61f21ece3c4d462b752eb0488bad32# κ.α. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Mention changes the way you monitor the web. Create keyword-based alerts on your company name, your brand, and your competitors, and then get updated in real-time about any mentions over the web and social networks. Take action to react, collaborate, and get analytics about your online presence.With over 200,000 professionals using the app in 125+ countries, including companies such as GitHub, Spotify, MIT, Microsoft and Century21, Mention is focused on helping Marketing teams in Fortune 500 and Fortune 5,000,000 companies.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
LHBS is an unconventional strategy firm with office in Berlin, Copenhagen and Vienna. We approach marketing and innovation challenges from an unconventional point of view: Not for the sake of being different but for the sake of delivering better opportunities, strategies and ideas for our clients.We have no departments. We mobilize the right teams at the right time for the right job. Our teams work in continuous collaboration from the beginning to the end. Challenging our assumptions and ourselves, pushing ourselves further to look beyond cookie cutter solutions. To deliver outcomes that genuinely surprise and excite our clients.We are a diverse group from many ethnic backgrounds, education and experience. We take on each project with enthusiasm, excitement and an uncompromising commitment to total quality. Explore our services and how we generate value for clients.
HappyFox is a young startup that is all about bringing the happiness quotient in support teams. We help companies transform their customer support teams from good to great. Our offering includes a help desk ticketing system, self-center support center, knowledge base, forum and social media support management. For more info, check out: #URL_7fe95ca462a848b79ff7744e7d9d59c2b6814caf76ccea2db2eb1cec5090c67f#
 Who is Ramberg Associates? Ramberg Associates is a specialist medical recruitment consultancy based in, Sydney, Australia, that is fast becoming a widely respected provider of health care professionals world-wide. Ramberg’s team works closely with public and private hospitals to deliver the best medical practitioners across a broad range of specialities and sub-specialities. Our commitment to excellence in supplying services to clients and candidates means we are rapidly expanding in the Australian and New Zealand markets. Our success has led us to plan office bases in the UK, North America and the United Arab Emirates in the coming year. Through our broad network of clients and candidates Ramberg Associates is building its reputation on the ability to place the right person in the right place on a consistent basis in as many places in the world as possible. Medical staff recruited by Ramberg Associates Medical staff on Ramberg Associates’ exclusive database range from resident house offices, senior consultant physicians and medical directors to allied health professionals and nurses. We recruit across all specialities and sub specialties. These include: AnaesthesiaAccident &amp; EmergencyCardiologyCardiothoracicENTGeneral SurgeryGeriatricsHaematologyObstetrician and GynaecologyOrthopaedicsOncologyPaediatrics/neonatologyPsychiatryNeurologyRadiologyRenalUrologyGPsRamberg medical staff have broad international experience with training and certification gained in the United Kingdom, United States, Ireland, South Africa, the Dominions, Canada, as well as Australia and New Zealand. These staff are rigorously screened and reference checked to ensure their qualifications are of the highest calibre. The Ramberg Associates team believed it’s a privilege to benefit the communities where our medical staff work, therefore we take the time to discuss with them their goals, aspirations and needs so they are placed in positions that bring the best outcome for themselves, their families and communities that employ them. Our services include: Sourcing appropriate medical staff for permanent and locum positionsThoroughly screening and reference checking candidatesEnsuring the integrity of our medical staffs’ intentions to commit to positions they acceptGuiding and coordinating medical council registrationAssisting with immigrationRetained search and selectionAssisting in guiding medical staff in their relocation
I am AccentCare…I am Patient Focused.  It is rewarding and empowering to know that what I do truly makes a difference in the lives of my patients and their families.I am Service Oriented.  Each day, I aim for excellence in everything I do, including caring for my patients and working collaboratively with my team members. I know I have an extraordinary purpose, and I am able to fully participate not only in my life, but also in the lives of others.I am Compassionate.  I strive to meet the needs of my patients and their families in the most caring and compassionate manner. I am caring. I am committed. I am inspired.I AM ACCENTCARE! ARE YOU?
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
#URL_25e85371e7108e279a4b25d6e965889a44917879b7b587c905714ef30f933cb8# is a young, growing e-commerce company with our eyes on the future.  Ever since our launch in 2005, we've been growing year after year.  Homegrown in Athens, GA, UberPrints runs its customer service and production operations just behind downtown.  We're now looking to expand our reach by opening an Atlanta office to house our business development, IT, and creative teams. 
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
BillGuard is a personal finance security service powered by the collective knowledge of millions of people. The family of data scientists, mathematicians, security experts and industry leaders have come together to protect consumers by facilitating the sharing of that knowledge. Through patent-pending big-data analytics and advanced crowdsourcing techniques, the BillGuard iPhone and Android app is the fastest, smartest way to track spending and save money. As the first “smart inbox” for your money, the app prioritizes the noteworthy charges on your credit and debit cards and scans your card activity for questionable charges.Based in New York and Tel Aviv and backed by some of the world's top investors, BillGuard has been featured prominently in the Wall Street Journal, NY Times and The Economist as well as on ABC and CBS News.
Founded by Daniel Tenner and Paulina Sygulska, GrantTree is a rapidly growing company whose team of women and men help UK technology companies secure funding without sacrificing equity.The company deals primarily with R&amp;D Tax Credits and Grants, but is also in the process of launching some exciting new finance products for the tech space.We’ve had a very profitable first three years as a company, with turnover growing threefold each year, and we managed to bring in more than £1m in our third year.We believe in working healthy and productive hours. The best work is done by people who are happy and well rested - and we want the best work.Following the example of companies who’ve managed to successfully implement a modern culture, such as Semco, Valve, and Zappos, we are building a progressive, open-minded, non-traditional organisation. Unless you have worked in a forward thinking startup (particularly in the Valley), it’s likely that you have never seen a similar working environment. Benefits of working with us include flexible and remote working, an empowering and vibrant place to work and a pool table, amongst others.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
The Aguilar Group is a nationwide search and recruitment agency, dedicated to working with our clients to help them find and hire “in-demand” talent. We utilize the latest technology, a strong network of talented professionals, and old-fashion hard work, to consistently fill our client’s positions. We work on both contingency and retained basis. We conduct our searches in a high confidential manner, with a high sense of urgency.
Envision Consulting conducts retained searches for nonprofit clients seeking to expand and enhance their mission through talent acquisitions. We specialize in providing solutions to not-for-profit organizations, offering coaching, planning and staffing tailored specifically for growth and impact.  Because we understand the nonprofit arena, Envision Consulting is uniquely positioned to attract and engage passionate and experienced #URL_135acbfca77647cdc1c6411a737326862613a94ee0e7607ca7fbf82ed3de56e1# can learn more about Envision Consulting at #URL_89817e06eaa567855f835d96bceed4bd74a3ce6bf209bc589b2a9b2da5422608#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We are a fashion tech design house. We design cool earbuds, headphones, cell phone cases, and other cool room accessories for large fashion retailers such as Forever 21, Hot Topic, Rue 21, etc. Our site: #URL_eb5bf1e6ef7f5b3926d6c81df5e161fa3f564190b21ab7b91cc42f70275e7bf4#.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
BADR is an established company that is striding in to the world of big-data with formal expertise and the right technology for the job. Our vision is to become the leading big-data visualization and analytics services provider in the Middle East, and this is a goal that we strongly believe to be reachable. With a dedicated team and the tools required, we plan to change big-data in a big way.Despite our relative freshness to the field, we have the advantage of a dedicated and experienced team. Our team is a family at Badr and company culture is very important to us. We have a jolly band of geeks in the office who are all working towards a common goal. Our diverse and varying team all have a wealth of skills and knowledge that they bring to the table and this diversity helps exponentially in our ability to take on any challenge that we are faced with.Looking to the present as well as the future, our company is extremely dedicated in helping our youth and local communities in any way that we can. We frequently hold sessions educating the youth on the modern business world and the skills that they will need in it. It is our goal to equip our young adults for the future that they’ll be shaping and this is a cause that is very important to us. 
Even though we’ve been industry leaders for years, we’ve never lost sight of our primary goal: to serve and protect our clients and their families, and create opportunities for our employees. It’s what drives us every day.We take that mission seriously, and believe that while WHAT we do improves our clients’ and our representatives’ lives, HOW we do it sets us apart from other industry providers. We protect the families we serve – and provide the peace of mind that comes from knowing you’re insulated from life’s unforeseen twists and turns. We offer the security that lets you sleep at night, with our personal commitment to go above and beyond in search of the solutions you need.We love our work, and we love the people we work with, so it makes it easy and fun – to do the best, and be the best we can – let us show you how we can be of help to you!
Sawyer Studios is a full service marketing and advertising agency providing media, digital and creative services to the entertainment industry. With clients including HBO, IFC, Magnolia Pictures, Vimeo, PBS, A&amp;E Studios, Samuel Goldwyn, Tribeca Film, Gravitas and Amplify, we offer highly data-oriented media planning and execution across online/tablet/mobile/set-top as well as broadcast, print, traditional digital, non-traditional and social. Fully integrated into our media operations we create and produce advertising assets from digital and print key art creative to spots, video and websites. We are experts in using the most sophisticated digital strategies and tools, including an in-house media trading desk, to promote the most progressive approaches to entertainment releasing from theatrical and day-and-date releasing to video on demand.
Dice is a highly specialized online marketing and software development firm headquartered in Portland, Oregon—the heart of the Pacific Northwest. We are dedicated to helping our national clients effectively grow their sales thru the use of our proprietary services and the application of technology based solutions.Dice was created on the tenet of providing value and innovation—a principle that continues to drive the success and growth of our organization to this day. Our expert developers and cross-functional teams work tirelessly to ensure that you successfully reach your target markets.At Dice, we are committed to your success.
Ryanair is Europe’s favourite low fares airline, operating more than 1,600 daily flights (over 500,000 per year) from 69 bases, across 1,600 low fare routes, connecting 186 destinations in 30 countries and operating a fleet of 300 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Ryanair has recently announced firm orders for a further 180 new Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered between 2014 and 2018. Ryanair currently has a team of more than 9,500 highly skilled professionals, will carry 86 million customers this year and has an outstanding 30-year safety record.
SDI Marketing started in 1988 as a small marketing agency with one simple philosophy: make our client's business our business. Our approach is what makes us one of Canada's most innovative marketing companies, and we take pride in continuing to represent our original clients. Our dedication to maintaining and growing relationships leads to better access to markets, innovative programs and proven results for our clients.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Scicada is a new-media agencyWe help our clients understand, connect with, and utilize the models and tools of the convergent era.We combine different skills and rich expertise under one roof and within a network-centric organization of the 21st century.more
LOOP is an award winning interactive agency based in Salzburg with satellite offices in Copenhagen, Berlin, Sydney and New York City. We work on remarkable online campaigns in web, social and mobile specializations. Over the last few years our brilliant team has done outstanding work for internationally recognised brands such as Puma, Audi, Clearasil, Durex and many more. OUR SERVICES.We create digital experiences for brands and companies by using creativity and technology. From design to development, from mobile to social, from content production to monitoring and analytics. LOOP offers a broad range of services to help businesses and brands thrive in the digital age. LOOP works together with brands to craft strategies along with a unique and innovative digital approach. We thrive on collaborating with clients who are looking to push the limits and think outside the box.ENGAGING THE #URL_1cc142d21262b78a43aae9217a11ae2d5ebb9f2289a01a905afe6ffe361c4565#'S WHAT WE'RE HERE FOR.The common things expected from a digital agency are nice looking websites, branded social media profiles, some mobile apps and possibly a few microsites. At LOOP we aim for more. It kicks off with a brilliant idea and leads to a unique digital approach to draw in your target group. Contemporary advertising should be something that people really want to be part of. Engaging your audience, that is what we're here for.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
ClearGuide is an intelligent documentation platform that organizes product knowledge into various forms of learning to teach everyone. 
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
e-Solutions Inc. is a talent-driven consulting company providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic outsourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for a variety of #URL_a4ff1be4219038ee0b69a0d728becbea0371cc1dede5a41ed0210ed3f8502d3b#-Solutions Inc. understands the technology, work culture and the working standards of the clients. Some of our esteemed clients to whom we are providing effective services in the area of staffing 
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
Gymia is creating a new way for people to do sports, find gyms, personal trainers and classes. We want to provide people with the transparency and flexibility to choose what’s best for them at the right moment, from daily gym passes to yoga classes, to a full fledged personal trainer, all with no contracts and with the simplicity of a mouse click.Only six months old, we are a small but very driven team, fresh out of a seed round and looking to grow fast. At the moment we are focused on building the foundation of a great product that enables and empowers people. Our HQ in the heart of Berlin - Mitte is the ground zero for changing the fitness industry.
POSist is a completely cloud based POS for Restaurant industry.. It helps a standalone food outlet to a large food chain manage functions like Billing, CRM, Inventory control, Recipe and Wastage management. Realtime mobile reporting helps restaurant owner keep a watch on his business.We are the Leading online point of sale solutions provider. With the motto of providing "training free" and "easy to use" scalable solutions, it has successfully registered a PAN-India presence with customers in over 54 cities.POSist is the first company to provide a completely online POS to restaurants, which is also Internet outage friendly. Posist derives its edge from being a company focused on food industry only.  The platform is open to authorized third party application developers who want to serve restaurants with their solutions.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
A cloud based mobile marketing toolbox, that enables brands and developers to directly send interactive mobile marketing campaigns to their customer base via push notifications
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Since 1978Our goal has been to create engaging brand experiences in the most effective medium available which we've been doing since the Stones were kids and President Carter told us to turn down the heat. Our average client relationship spans well over a decade, three times the industry average.11th Best Place to Work - Outside Magazine 2013Top Shop in Idaho - Adweek 2013What?We Build Brands.Why?Clients hire us to increase sales. That is the ultimate measure of their success and ours.How?Our job is to influence. We build and execute strategies that create conversations with our audience and engagement with the brand. Tactics come and go, but with solid strategy comes real business results.#URL_ad9af5103c77ae753412930213a5b1baa41c51e567e1038beedb25d2366117b1#
With offices in San Francisco, Orlando and New York, Vantage PR is an award-winning public relations and social media agency servicing the tech industry. Celebrating 24 years this year, Vantage brings both passion and senior-level technology experience to help companies succeed. Vantage is known for delivering maximum exposure through top-tier media outlets for its clients by leveraging established media connections. In 2013 alone, we took home 13 major awards, including The Agency Post’s Top Press-worthy PR Campaign for mobile game discovery app, Hooked, and the Stevie Gold Award for PR Campaign of the Year for its work with interactive TV company, Samba TV.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
What Now?! is an innovative new app that simulates a “live” smartphone experience whilst abroad – without paying for roaming. Launching shortly as THE OFFICIAL LONDON TOURIST APP in partnership with VisitLondon, the official tourism board and part of the Mayor of London’s office. Even before launch, the app’s innovativeness was chosen to be showcased by Techcrunch as one of their Top 15 European startups last year at their Disrupt event in Berlin, as well as by PhoCusWright at their Travel Innovation Summit in the US (the largest such event in the global travel industry) as one of 2013’s Top Travel Innovations. Also shortlisted for the UK’s Most Innovative Mobile Company as part of the UK government’s department of Trade and Investment’s Smart UK initiative
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
Our team is made of designers, physics wizards, educators, writers, musicians, and illustrators. We work together to build elegantly engineered iOS apps that incite wonder in curious kids over the globe.Small teams mean you get a real say in how we solve problems, with plenty of autonomy. We have an ambitious product line-up, but we also understand the importance of work-life balance. We offer a flexible office environment, competitive salaries, and monthly team outings. We also include health care benefits (medical, dental, vision) and vacation for full-time employees.If you love pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with mobile devices, spinning interactive stories, and collaborating on creative projects, you’ll fit right in.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Softomotive Ltd is a Software Development company located in Athens, Greece. We specialize in Process Automation software and our customers range from individual users to large Fortune500 companies all over the world.
Open for over 45 years Stancato's of Parma is an italian restaurant offering Catering, Banquet, Dine -in and Take out Menus.Stancato's also owns and opperates Signature Sauces a sauce production facility for the culinary feild.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
WDM Group is an innovative, forward thinking digital company aimed at bringing business executives up-to-date with the latest news, information and trends from across the globe.Aimed at informing, engaging, educating and interacting with business executives the world over, WDM Group’s products takes an in-depth look at inter-country relations, trade and tourism, prominent industries, success stories and lessons to be learned in business.With a physical presence in many of the world’s largest economies, WDM Group is abreast with news and developments occurring around the clock. We aim to keep our ears to the ground and our fingers on the pulse to bring busy executives a breakdown of the biggest and most interesting updates from across the world’s largest and most influential territories and industries.With WDM Group you don’t just read the news, you make it.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Essence London is a members lifestyle club – offering bespoke concierge service and proactive assistance to a select few.We are tireless, we are well-connected, we are dedicated, we are, in fact, the mirror image of our clients - and we are the only concierge service today that can truly offer its members that elusive frictionless life. We take immense pride in extending membership to only a select few – ensuring we come to know our members not just by name but by their distinct personality as well as their preferences and tastes.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
At HoneyBook we’re re-imagining the events industry and building a product that is already changing the world for some of the top event planning celebrities in the nation. We’re a well-funded and growing team of 20, passionate about creating the happiest customers in the world. Inevitably this involves a lot of champagne and macaroons, but it’s always our gorgeously designed product that generates the most smiles.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Our job is to make what you do, what you say and how you say it live up to consumers expectations.That's why everything we make is:relevant,human-friendly,memorable,…and above all, simple.Once all four factors are present, we know we've delivered a future-proof solution that works.Check out our online profiles on sites we like: Glassdoor // Stackoverflow // Github // #URL_c868076aef02c144e68f4994d398e83eede1777e68a0d5378bdcbd66705e7b37#
grandPad is the safest and simplest tablet computer that effortlessly connects seniors to those they love
Cardback (#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#) is all set to change the way you use your credit, debit, prepaid and loyalty cards. Our mission is to enable you to choose the best card amongst the ones you hold, just before you're about to make a payment - be it for shopping, eating out, getting your car refuelled, paying your telephone or utility bills, shopping online, or anything else. The result is that you end up saving money every time you make a payment, either instantaneously or in the coming days and weeks.Cardback is currently available for Android as an app that shows you offers and rewards on your cards, without asking for any card numbers. It can be downloaded from here: go.#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#/1laIVgBOur founding team consists of Ivy league grads and people who've done hardcore technology stuff and led teams at the world's best companies. Plus, we're well funded with investments from some of India's most prolific and respected angel investors.
Netrobe is a leading fashion social network and wardrobe management tool, loved by passionate users worldwide.Netrobe’s team consists of passionate people in love with the power of technology, social media, fashion and design.Our aim is to help people dress better, in order to feel happier, more confident and more ready for the life they dream of.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Our team is carefully balanced with the best specialists in the healthcare market and experts in web development and user experience. The great working atmosphere makes #URL_c452222ceb211c2d5bda2ae95359b5126a14ae69898d8d6ad37647064e99fbc9# a unique workplace... Bla bla bla.. Like you've never heard that before!But you're here and this means you are interested to find out what it's like to be in our team. For real. So get in touch! Skype or meet us. You will see for yourself, no BS :) We're hiring all the time.Here's something to whet your apetite: #URL_c652c59dabc32bfacc94f29318d40a48e955b8d1f60e31738721b73706cdf8d2#
36#URL_75d61c0f42b1d2a50175f4c4a760c598da33417e951c5a81054d4b41e17cdf9a# is an exciting new social travel platform to collect, discover and share and your favortie spots in cities around the world. We are changing the way people leverage their personal network to plan trips and discover exciting spots and things to do while traveling to a city.
We’ve built revolutionary technology that is changing the way people get around cities. Using Via, a luxury ride booked on your phone costs little more than the bus. Via is on-demand transportation on a mass scale; it’s smart transit that’s friendly to our planet. Currently live in NYC, we’re backed by some of the world’s top investors and aggressively expanding.We’re looking for entrepreneurs who are excited about getting in on the ground floor of a fast-growing start-up; imaginative thinkers who relish wearing multiple hats and never back down from a challenge. We want people who get things done.We’re unusually selective in our hiring process. If you have a record of exceptional achievement, take intense pride in your work, and want to join a world-class team, we’d love to talk to you.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Founded in 1999, PowerChord is a leader in Digital Brand Management, specializing in the development of online channel management software that allows organizations to manage their brand and retail sales through an independent sales channel. The PowerChord Dealer Network System provides the independent dealer with a world class online retail presence; the objective is to drive business to the dealer’s web presence and ensure every dealer represents the client’s brand and products accurately, attractively and effectively.  As the success of our system grows we desire to retain our “small company” feel, valuing our employees, their families and our clients. We reward innovation, hard work and unconventional thought. We’re a fast-paced, energetic group that strives to get the job done right. Our collaborative efforts and progressive thinking have landed us on Tampa Bay’s Fast 50 list in 2010 and again in 2012. If our expectations meet yours come join our team.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Hi, we are dopios“We are here to make any location accessible and open through the power of its people. We are here to make the world a place you call home. We just started and we would love to have you around. Coming in?”-- WhyThere are numerous companies out there, but you chose us. Let us share our culture.Problem You will come to work everyday because you want to solve with us a tough and challenging problem; how will we make the world more accessible and open through the power of its locals?Things we believe - We are here to make a global company - Great design and product is the sine-qua-non of a great company - People buy what they believe in, not what they need - We love to learn from anywhere and anything - We challenge what is out there. Common logic sustains "common" companies - The world is less optimal than what we think - The users are what we care the most about and they are their core of our existance as a company - Pay it forward and help others before they ask for it - We stay humble and we do not judge - Simplicity is the ultimate sophisticationPeople we pay attention toSeth Godin, Steve Jobs, Dan Gilbert, Dieter Rams, Richard Branson, Charles and Ray Eames, Dan Ariely, Chris Guillebeau, Chris Dixon, Fred Wilson, Mark Suster--Why, youBecause you are a t-shaped person, passionate about challenging the status quo, ambitious to have a global impact, hungry for new learnings and humble at your core.Things we appreciate - Know what "Community Marketplace" means and can talk about its pros and cons - Love to travel and explore unknown locations - Have always been a builder and participated in various projects - Know who are the game-chaning companies on the web today and can explain why - Get excited about TED talks and you can name 3 people who have disrupted their industries
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
X1 Group helps startups and tech companies push their businesses forward by setting up long-term dedicated development teams working exclusively on their projects.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Collabera is a fast growing, end-to-end information technology services and solutions provider working with leading Global 2000 organizations from the Banking &amp; Financial Services, Telecommunications &amp; Media, Technology, Energy &amp; Utilities and Manufacturing &amp; Retail domains. Collabera delivers highly responsive and innovative solutions that help clients align their IT strategy with business goals to address the most important IT needs through a combination of consulting solutions, proprietary methodologies, assets based services and a Collaborative Engagement Model.Collabera employs over 8000 professionals across more than 25 offices and 4 world-class delivery centers in the U.S., UK, India, Singapore and Philippines. We deliver a full portfolio of services that include Consulting, Application Development &amp; Management, Independent Testing Services, Enterprise Software Solutions, Product Engineering Services, Business Intelligence &amp; Data Warehousing, Mobile and Wireless, Infrastructure Management as well as Professional Services.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Infogram is the data visualization product that brings out the best in your data. Our infographics and charts are quick to use, fast to share, and easy on eye. Our customers range from small businesses to global media organizations, and we've been awarded multiple times during our short but fast-paced history. You can check us out here and try out the product.
Ensight is an international energy design and implementation practice specialising in sophisticated whole-of-business energy efficiency programs for energy-intensive industry. Working for global enterprises, our innovative, world leading programs require people with a passion for efficiency, collaborative teamwork, economic optimisation and the delivery of rapid results that are enduring and profitable for our clients.
21st century financial software, in the cloudFundApps is a startup that helps investment managers comply with worldwide regulation. Our competition is stuck in the dark ages when it comes to software development. Slow, clunky, complicated user interfaces which look like they were designed by crazy scientists are the norm and we're shaking up an entire industry by providing beautiful &amp; intuitive web-based software. We think that practices like continuous delivery, agile development and aiming for craftsmanlike coding enables us to move faster than our competitors whilst delivering better software.We’ve already grown a stellar customer base for our product Rapptr, despite our small size (8 of us right now) - but we’re most excited about the challenges that lie ahead. We want to keep learning, have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes – all in the name of delivering better experiences for customers.Join usYou’ll be part of a team that cares passionately about delivering a great product and quality software. Our goal is to let you do your best work. You’ll be empowered to make choices and trusted to get things done.You’ll care about your craft and have a hunger to learn new skills and improve your existing ones. While we have .NET at the core of our stack, we’re pragmatic about other technologies and open-minded about your technology background.You enjoy collaborating as part of a team and are passionate and approachable; we hope we manage to be the same.
ROC is a group of co-working spaces offing unique, open work environments were collaboration drives growth and creativity.As a part of its services platform, ROC is developing education programs to help workers keep their skills relevant in the face of changing industries and technologies. Programs in topics including web development, mobile app design, and digital marketing will help train people to enter and keep up with a rapidly evolving workforce.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
For more than 20 years, we have assisted the world’s leading companies gain a sustained competitive advantage in their respective markets through the integration of business intelligence (BI) consulting, data analytics, business process, people, and technology.Find out what the world’s leading global companies already know.BAC Delivers. Day One. Ready.Business Intelligence and Analytics  |  Consulting  |  Outsourcing  |  CollaborationAre you ready to work with the industry’s best and brightest?Are you ready to move your career to the next level? Can you transfer your experience across multiple industries? At BAC, we employ experienced, senior-level resources that are highly skilled and passionate about what they do. Our employees are a cross section of senior business leaders, architects, developers, and project managers, working in team environments using best-of-breed technology to deliver the best solutions to our clients.Our long standing management team mentors and guides each employee to the highest level of success. We value team collaboration, entrepreneurial drive, diversity, and a passion for impacting a client's business. We have competitive health benefits, paid vacation, sick time, tuition reimbursement, 401K, life insurance, and more.Are you ready to change your life and the world? We invite you to review our current job opportunities and send your resume to  #EMAIL_a902bb9f003918f6f3c21f37bbe12ded88e575e607da266e04cc0c414ed555f7#.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
BADR is an established company that is striding in to the world of big-data with formal expertise and the right technology for the job. Our vision is to become the leading big-data visualization and analytics services provider in the Middle East, and this is a goal that we strongly believe to be reachable. With a dedicated team and the tools required, we plan to change big-data in a big way.Despite our relative freshness to the field, we have the advantage of a dedicated and experienced team. Our team is a family at Badr and company culture is very important to us. We have a jolly band of geeks in the office who are all working towards a common goal. Our diverse and varying team all have a wealth of skills and knowledge that they bring to the table and this diversity helps exponentially in our ability to take on any challenge that we are faced with.Looking to the present as well as the future, our company is extremely dedicated in helping our youth and local communities in any way that we can. We frequently hold sessions educating the youth on the modern business world and the skills that they will need in it. It is our goal to equip our young adults for the future that they’ll be shaping and this is a cause that is very important to us. 
#URL_1d83f1a3e1e8a88f4c1622930ea14a4f0d6591065c616ef0acac986862cdfd9a# is looking for people who want to have a lot of fun and make money at the same time!  If You Want To:Work From Home Part-Time!Have Unlimited Commission Potential!Get Started Today To Make Money Today!Come and visit us today at: #URL_1d83f1a3e1e8a88f4c1622930ea14a4f0d6591065c616ef0acac986862cdfd9a#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
Joy Aether is a leading provider of mobile business solutions, based on iPhone, Android, iPad, and other platforms. We focus in design and development of mobile and web application software for businesses. Our customer base includes multi- national corporations such as Pfizer, UBM, DBS Bank, Haemonetics, Galderma, PCCW, etc.
Middle East Recruitment is a specialized recruitment and consulting agency. Established since 1997 founded by professionals that understand the need for exceptional people in the corporate world, with headquarters in London. Middle East Recruitment has become successful in providing the best talent and consulting services to an array of industry sectors.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Boat International Media Limited is the world’s leading media group serving the superyacht industry. We publish the world’s best superyacht magazines and luxury books, organise high quality events, and provide digital media services and data to owners and professionals in the superyacht industry.
Based in Houston, Texas, Palladium Consulting is a boutique software consulting firm with 12 years’ experience building bespoke scientific and economic applications for technology leaders. Our skill is taking high impact, high complexity research ideas and turning them into deployable software, maintained over many years. Our starting points are quant spreadsheets, massively parallel simulations, chalkboard sketches, and academic papers, whose ideas have not been or cannot be implemented in off-the-shelf software. We turn these into web-deployed software that brings this functionality to the masses.
41studio is a Ruby on Rails and Mobile Apps Development Company
We are a startup digital agency that is “helping companies make money online” by specializing in AdWords, Analytics and A/B testing. We are looking for really ambitious people that will be part of our team aiming to provide world-class analytics and advertising services.We are really proud for the Clients that we serve such as Piraeus Bank, #URL_7a3dea8d63932181716ed7521b9cea8e1afd6e2eb51943546e0ba8ead8c55ec0#, Google Hellas, Pizza Fan, Singular Logic, Tsakiris Chips, Gianna Kazakou and high-potential startup companies suchs as Workable, #URL_c5475b3f37ab72cf1cadd5c953756be9ed062b6900e2d21f57e5ac413c73c32c#, Nannuka and Intale.
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Created in 2010, RoyalCactus has specialized in the development of casual and social games. Since its launch on Facebook, the company has seduced more than 20M players with its game catalog.RoyalCactus is now one of the three biggest Social Gaming editors in France on the Facebook platform, and continues its growth at a steady pace. The new challenge of RoyalCactus is now to go mobile, with the development of our games on mobile devices.
Volunteers of America is a faith-based human services organization. We are dedicated to helping individuals and families in need create positive and lasting change through social service programs that support and empower them to live safe, healthy and productive lives.
Vortex® is considered the world leader in valves for handling dry bulk solids. Sitting on a 15-acre campus in Salina, KS, our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and office complex spans over 150,000 square feet. Our current footprint allows us to introduce lean manufacturing methods supported by advanced fabrication equipment and laser cutting technology.As we began to expand and modernize, we were also stretching our footprint into new global markets. We have sold valve solutions in over 75 countries worldwide with local representatives in 30-plus countries. Along with our corporate headquarters in located in Salina, KS, we have global offices in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Latin America, and Asia.It all began in the 1980s when the company was awarded a patent on the Orifice Gate™. This new and innovative valve design surpassed the industry’s expectations for handling dry materials in pneumatic conveying. Soon following the Orifice Gate came the launch of the Wye Line Diverter™. This diverter valve applied the same design concepts of the Orifice Gate dramatically improving process efficiencies when compared to traditional flapper or tunnel style diverters.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
reEmbedit provides a branded video player for embedded videos (YouTube, etc) together with real time analytics and monetization solutions.We have just completed our Angel Round of funding, and have set up a new office in Athens, Greece.  At this time, our clients include quite a few major Greek sites (Newsbeast, Zougla, Nooz) as well as Oracle USA.reEmbedit is built upon cutting-edge web technologies including NoSql (Mongo, Redis) and NodeJS. As a result we are looking for passionate engineers, that are eager to solve problems, learn, and have fun!
PEI Media (#URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#) provides a range of highly respected publications and market leading events to its financial sector audience. The leading information provider in private capital markets, PEI Media also has a strong international presence, with offices in London, New York and Hong Kong.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Rarely Impossible exists due to a passion for working with amazing clients and aiding them to bring their ideas to life. We achieve this via cutting edge technology, an amazing team and pushing ourselves to the forefront of how we all consume technology.We aspire to become world leaders in Xamarin application development and experts in our supporting technologies as well as being a driving force in the UKs tech industry.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Neusoft America is a division of Neusoft, the largest IT Solutions &amp; Services provider in China with a US presence that is growing employing over 20,000 nationwide!  Our US Corporate Headquarters is located in Raleigh/Durham, NC.Focusing on “Beyond Technology” as its corporate philosophy and brand commitment, Neusoft has been engaged in building its core competence to create value for customers and society. We are devoted to bringing more value out of technology through implementation of a series of strategies, including Open Innovation, Excellent Operations Management, and HR Development.Within Software technology, Neusoft provides Industry Solutions, Product Engineering Solutions, and related software Products &amp; Platform Services through seamless integration of software and services, software and manufacturing, as well as technology and industrial management capacity.Neusoft employees enjoy competitive salaries, 15 days of vacation in the first year, 10 paid holidays, 80% of employer-paid health insurance cost, etc. 
PeerPoint Solutions provides temporary, temp-to-perm, and permanent IT staffing solutions with one mission, to provide the best experience possible. We are dedicated to our candidates and our clients, it's the PeerPoint way. We are a highly motivated, skilled, and experienced group that understand business technology needs and how to best fill personnel gaps by providing the best match. PeerPoint stands out because of our passion, our expertise, our background, our ability to provide, and most importantly our people. The people we work with is only the best the industry has to provide. No exceptions.
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
GPL Technologies is a solutions provider focused on the design, implementation, and support of high-performance information technology systems.  Founded in Los Angeles, California in 2003, we draw on over a decade of expertise as trusted technology advisers, adding value for our customers by offering unique methods of improving IT efficiency, streamlining complex systems and environments, and reducing the costs associated with acquiring and maintaining IT systems. GPL cut its teeth serving the intense requirements of customers in the media and entertainment industry.  We bring that work ethic with us to every customer: time is money, deadlines are non-negotiable, and the show must go on.  Our company is comprised of creative, independent thinkers with a passion for technology.  We love big data, fast networks, and solving the problems posed by today's digital media production pipelines.If serving clients who think a quarter petabyte of storage is a starter system sounds like fun to you, or if you love dealing with the dynamic people and personalities in the fast-paced media and entertainment industry, we might be a great fit for each other.  Send us your resume and lets talk.
Super Soccer Stars is the country's most popular soccer development program for kids. For over a decade, we have provided outstanding instruction for thousands of children in 400+ locations in NY, NJ, CT, MA, CA, FL, IL, Washington, DC, and London, UK! Super Soccer Stars was founded in 2000, and since its inception, it has been providing outstanding soccer development instruction for children aged 2 and up.
Truckbird is a startup company aiming to disrupt the transportation of goods industry. By partnering with PLANNING S.A. , we have managed to incorporate their expertise on the field of Supply Chain and Logistics in order to provide modern technology solutions to the transportation industry. We recently secured our first round of financing by a large organization and we are already operating in the Greek market with more than 250 companies registered in our marketplace. For more information regarding our national and international distinctions, check us out on #URL_abde59a183df8b60702099a8b5d9fb108ebdc1049c42fc481c96905e3a5a304f#.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Maxnet offers Staff Augmentation Solutions for Big Data Analytics in Retail, Healthcare and Regulatory &amp; Compliance.We offer Staff Augmentation solutions for Business Intelligence, Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, .NET Application Developers.We serve you with Reliability, Honesty &amp; Integrity.Our Recruiters are trained to suggest “best fits” for our client needs.Our solutions carry in-depth understanding of Client Needs with regards to Skills, Knowledge, Experience, Corporate Attitude.Our Consultant Database is strong and built with the right insights to serve quick and accurate solutions.
CloudShare is creative, vibrant… and growing fast. Our organization fosters entrepreneurial and innovative thinking. Our culture thrives on teamwork, open dialog, and creative problem solving. We value honesty, hard work, and responsibility – and we care for our customers, our products and each other.CloudShare is always on the lookout for talented, passionate people who have demonstrated excellence in their work and academic achievements. If You...Like working in agile methodologies (Kanban)Love coding and solving problems hands-onBelieve in deep test-coverage and continuous-integrationWrite code only when necessaryLove new technology; Are never afraid of embracing it where applicable; Believe in finding the right tool for the jobHave a rubber duckThen CloudShare is looking for you!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Founded in 2009 by early LinkedIn employees, PeopleLinx gamifies employee engagement for LinkedIn, Twitter and other social networks. Our cloud-based solution helps employees optimize their profiles (establish credibility), leverage their relationships (get warmer introductions), and engage their connections with targeted content (attract prospects). Customers include Fortune 500 leaders in banking, insurance, legal, high-tech, and professional services. You can find us in the real world and on the web:1835 Market St. // Suite 1105Philadelphia, PA 19103#PHONE_f167a2f286e8f4cb0f9fa1e47261030df0d106c8fd5f112e530d0e136de51f64##EMAIL_11429015bb60de942be3eda067d6bc311a361e27527b1caa61d26744faa41e9d##URL_9844023bca59c32bd969064d87e9140e2e7a27774849164ee371457c6eb393f1##URL_fcf1545d702394fe08474c55816b6430cdab10fa1ca92ab2029f06e4eebec154##URL_9fcf934808d5aae269e51500d2f74a1158320477ca5f92484f12eef95e4812fc#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Citymart helps cities to transform their communities by strengthening their innovation capacity and sharing inspiring solutions and methods. We do this by helping cities to introduce problem-based procurement methods, which help engage a much wider community of vendors in solving urban and social challenges. As a result, cities invest less public resources to greater societal effect and increase local job creation through more entrepreneurship. To-date, we have completed more than 90 such programs with over 50 cities worldwide. 
PowerbyProxi and its customers are leading a revolution to deliver unplugged power. We have changed the way electricity is delivered in hostile industrial environments. We are now also developing wireless charging technology for consumer electronics and have an impressive portfolio of clients consisting of electronics heavyweights from around the world. PowerbyProxi was spun out of The University of Auckland in 2007 to commercialize cutting edge research undertaken by its internationally acclaimed scientists and engineers. As a pioneer in the design and development of turnkey wireless power solutions, PowerbyProxi eliminates the need for a physical or frictional power connection. We provide our customers with unplugged solutions that solve continuity of delivery and maintenance pain points, create unique competitive advantages, deliver significant cost savings and secure product design wins.
Makers Academy trains people to become the world's best junior software developers
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Omega Systems Group, Inc. is a professional services and management consulting firm, specializing in providing IT services in the areas of; Business Management Solutions, Project Based Consulting, Talent Acquisition, Training, Middleware and Web Services.  We are experienced in working with government agencies and mid to large size corporations within various industries.  While our core business is Strategic Planning and Business Process Re-engineering, we are also considered experts in customized Software Development and Content Management Web Development.Omega Systems Group provides seasoned management consultants and IT professionals for our Clients’ mission critical projects. We identify the best fit for their project needs through careful assessments and analysis of IT resources in the following areas:► Project Management► Web Design &amp; Development► Information Design &amp; Architecture► Business and System Analysis► Software Development and Engineering► Database Design, Development, and Administration
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
We’re not doctors. We are geeks who understand doctors.                               Been to the doctor lately? Ever thought it odd that the experience is almost exactly the same as it was 20 years ago? Isn’t it a bit odd that in this world of iPads and always-on Internet you still have to wait 30 minutes to see the doctor, at which point (s)he’ll write down your notes on (heaven forbid) paper? And what if you’re referred from one doctor to another and they need to access your old records? In a world where you can watch any listen to any song ever recorded in just a couple clicks on a computer that fits in your pocket, people shouldn't be dying because they were given medicine they were allergic to in the emergency room because the ER doctor didn’t have access to the patient’s medical records. We have done the seemingly impossible, an application that doesn’t change the doctors' workflow yet manages their patient records electronically. We’re all about doctor user experience (yes it’s very different from normal user experience, trust us). We’re funded, loved by doctors and having a blast! Want to get in early on something really, really big? We don’t discriminate. You can be an alien from outer space with a tubular green body, hemispherical head and no ears, if we like you, we’ll take care of your visas in Singapore, get you alien food, alien gadgets, nerf balls, cute frogs, and lemon tea. We’re a small company with a great culture that values curiosity as much as performance, a fantastic work environment (which you can contribute to!), health insurance, a competitive salary, and meaningful equity in the company. We’re located in the heart of town, Clarke quay! We’re surrounded by restaurants that challenge your taste buds every day, and…We’re a stone’s throw away from the best bars in town.If you want to change the world and help bring doctors and medical care for the average person into the 21st century come talk with us.
Social Care Alba is the highest graded Care at Home Company in the country.  We hold awards in Investors in People, Healthy Working Lives and Positive about Disability.  We are proud of our unique team of professionals who deliver outstanding individual support.Our team bring so much to our business; it's only fair we bring the same energy and dedication to developing their careers in return. It's all part of our commitment to quality in everything we do. We are proud to lead the field in professional Care at Home provision. Whether you're a Personal Assistant, a Social Worker, Nurse or one of the many other roles we have on offer, we'll support your growth at every stage of your career
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
Olabord is an experience centric, location based, mobile app. It's a mobile meeting point for people sharing the same real world experience! We are a startup based in Greece.
#URL_50cc89ecbf2d4ceda36598af3573463d57b5ad2c45a628f06cf5c12851136fdb# is the crowdfunding platform to finance creativity &amp; entrepreneurs. We want to contribute to create a new generation of entrepreneurs and angels by providing a platform that connects inspiring projects with a new class of angels that can change the way great ideas get realized.
The Boston Consulting Group (#URL_45423e1e16703aa4d8ee444d3ad69bb51525f1dad0b3115713cf80dc496299e2#) has launched a new digital business, BCG Digital Ventures (#URL_4968ff917b2cf554a3e92b004e0c92d03e4c10730070a0df7e84f0d3db806e53#) - a digital innovation, product development, and commercialization firm.  This first-of-its-kind firm will bring unique capabilities to create and grow disruptive digital products and platforms.  BCG Digital Ventures goes beyond providing consulting, design, and technology services to form strategic venture teams with its clients in order to rapidly develop, launch and grow transformational digital products, platforms and businesses.The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world's leading advisor on business strategy.  BCG partners with clients from the private, public and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises.BCG was founded in 1963 and is a privately owned firm with more than 7,000 employees across 81 offices in 45 countries.  Integrity, respect for the individual, delivering value, and making an impact on society are just some of BCG's core values. BCG's commitment to both their clients' success and their own standards is what sets BCG apart as a world-class professional services organization.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
PERE is published by PEI Media (#URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#), an entrepreneurial news and information group with offices in London, Hong Kong and New York. People who thrive at PEI are smart, ambitious and committed. They understand the value of teamwork yet desire to make a personal impact and will be passionate and energetic about what they do. We can provide an exciting career opportunity where personal growth and advancement is aligned to the rapid development of an award-winning company. Learn more by visiting #URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Kappa Search, Inc. is one of the leading sourcing and placement firms in the nation. Located in downtown Chicago, KSI focuses on nationwide placements within all sectors of technical companies. Our focus on strong backgrounds with a technical focus has helped us service our clients for over twenty years.Specialties include:· Mechanical Engineering · Electrical Engineering · Project Management · Product Management · Manufacturing Engineering · Technical Sales Engineering · Quality Control Engineering · Engineering Management · Quality Control Management Applications Engineering · Operations Personnel · Supply Chain Personnel (Buyers, Material Mgrs, Planners, etc..)
Founded in 1974 in Canada, and in 1985 in the U.S. as a specialty engineering and contracting company, Landmark works throughout North America, with principal offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Toronto, and Chicago.  We are committed to growth through leveraging our core competencies in planning, engineering and construction excellence, cooperative project execution, and client service with expansion into new markets involving water, energy, and the environment.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
BillGuard is a personal finance security service powered by the collective knowledge of millions of people. The family of data scientists, mathematicians, security experts and industry leaders have come together to protect consumers by facilitating the sharing of that knowledge. Through patent-pending big-data analytics and advanced crowdsourcing techniques, the BillGuard iPhone and Android app is the fastest, smartest way to track spending and save money. As the first “smart inbox” for your money, the app prioritizes the noteworthy charges on your credit and debit cards and scans your card activity for questionable charges.Based in New York and Tel Aviv and backed by some of the world's top investors, BillGuard has been featured prominently in the Wall Street Journal, NY Times and The Economist as well as on ABC and CBS News.
Live It China Limited (#URL_0389a2a7444c0bba5f6d58972ba5ec7c28feca6c25e0ae80063c1298e7f0395e#) is a free and open social media platform for Chinese language learners that enables our users to share their learning experiences. We empower Chinese language learners and help them to make most effective decisions regarding their choice of local language schools, tutors, and exchange partners. We guide our users though the whole learning process from start to #URL_832b5fbc753cddd038d6675adc3766b62a65fe123456df70da0a2c495439e13c# company has been growing fast and we are looking for talents from various backgrounds to share our passion. If you are interested in the challenges of working with multicultural teams, in a fast growing company and industry, please let us know who you are
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Cogo Labs is the technology-driven incubator of some of the Boston area's fastest-growing web companies. Our proprietary technologies for algorithmic marketing, data mining and quantitative business analytics enable us to guide start-ups from inception to profitability and beyond. 
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Passion for God.Passion for the Philippines.Passion for the Filipino Poor.  About the Covenant Community Service Cooperative COVENANT COMMUNITY SERVICE COOPERATIVE is a registered service cooperative and a member organization of the Center for Community Transformation (CCT) Group of Ministries. CCT is an organized Christian response against poverty and social injustice. This is carried out through the fusion of social development initiatives and evangelical mission in a uniquely Filipino context. It serves urban and rural communities throughout the Philippines, in pursuit of its desire to see changed lives, strong families, and transformed communities centered on the Lordship of Jesus Christ.The Covenant Community Service Cooperative (CCSC) was duly registered with the Cooperative Development Authority in 2010. It is also an accredited sub-contractor under Department of Labor &amp; Employment Department Order 18-A, series of 2012. It is an active member of Philhealth, SSS, HDMF, and a tax exempt cooperative under BIR RDA No. 6 Ruling No. 15-10 issued on August 09, 2010.Since clients are treated as customers rather than employers, CCSC member-workers focuses on service values such as productivity, quality and efficiency. Our member-workers being part of the CCT family espouse core values such as intimacy with God, passion for God, passion for the Philippines, and passion for the poor, character and competence.        CCSC is a Member of the CCT Group of MinistriesAddress: 5F Joshua Center, 1428 Taft Avenue, Ermita, 1000 Manila, Philippines   Telephone: (632) 524.1819 / 524-1810 / 524.1835       Fax: (632) 400.6909 / 524.1809 local 11   E-mail: #EMAIL_b6f20aa5aefcbccb0820db00d0bbe1007bb1d60d0fae56304182075b227c5781#    Website: #URL_a2b78a15afa82d6677595c1c0be935271c73013f638cd022b8a7e6b3682c339b# 
SHC/The Arc of Medina County is a great place to start or continue your career. Whether you’re interested in direct care, administrative, teaching computer skills or many other types of work, there is likely a career for you at SHC/The Arc.As a nonprofit organization serving people with disabilities, SHC/The Arc’s more than 200 employees serve people in Medina and Ashland Counties in Ohio. You’ll be joining a team committed to providing the highest quality programs with an emphasis on the health, safety, and respect of those we serve.If you are looking for a career in which you can make a difference in people’s lives, then join our talented, motivated, hard-working staff and share their passion for serving others.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
#URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# lets people create interactive mobile app prototypes that can be viewed and tested on the actual mobile device.#URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# has changed the world of mobile prototyping, going beyond wireframes and mockups. With interactions, transitions and animations it helps bring any static design to life. UX and interaction designers can express their creative freedom and create visual interactive prototypes of mobile apps that work and feel exactly like the final apps. Supporting all mobile touch gestures, prototypes can run on the actual mobile device thus making the experience as realistic as possible.  #URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# has already attracted more than 50,000 users from the world’s hottest startups and Fortune 500 brands including eBay, Amazon, Disney, Symantec, Philips, Evernote, Spotify, BBC, Sky, Vodafone, Yelp, Mixi and more.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Carlyle Financial is a mortgage bank based in Beverly Hills, CA offering a full range of home loan products. We concentrate on providing a high level of personal service with an emphasis on developing long-term relationships with our clients rather than treating them simply as a single transaction. As a mortgage bank and direct lender, we control all aspects of the home loan process, from origination to funding. This means that we operate more efficiently and have less paperwork than our competitors, and close most home loans in fewer than 30 days, which translates to superior service and pricing for our clients.We are a fast-paced, tech-focused company. We are looking for intelligent individuals with a strong work ethic as we are rapidly expanding into new regional markets.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
Providing luxurious menswear such as suits, shirts, neckwear and accessories for the tailored gentleman. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Started as a business development and consulting firm, Create More has grown into San Francisco’s Premier Apple Specialist. After 13 years in business and approaching 11 years at the same SOMA/South Beach location, Create More continues to grow and find ways to work with you to enhance your Macintosh experience. A real store that you can walk in to and browse products, no appointment repair service and a training center are just some of ways we make your decision to work with Create More an easy one.At Create More, we want to be more than the Apple computer dealer where you buy your new Macintosh, iPads, iPods, peripherals and accessories. We want to be your source for support and information too. When you refer to your friend who knows about computers, we want that to be us!Our staff is eager to answer your questions and work with you and provide you with the products and solutions you need. Pre and post sale support is equally important to us.  We want you to get the right computer and then make sure that it does what you need and you are comfortable using it!The relaxed boutique environment of our store is just the start of how we want you to enjoy your Mac experience.How do you go from business development to selling Macs? We’re glad you asked!In 1997, the seeds of Create More were planted. Looking for better ways to grow a business. What are the most effective marketing solutions? How should a business position itself? How to communicate these finding to clients?These were but a few questions that were the foundation of Create More. Through workshops, research, and partnerships, a solid base was built. Officially formed in 1999, Create More worked with clients to grow their businesses. In the process of learning about our clients, we also learned a lot about ourselves, but we’ll get to that shortlyIn working with our clients on their businesses, we found certain obstacles. To grow, focus needed to be kept on processes and not infrastructure. That’s just a fancy way of saying, you can’t win the race if you can find the keys to start your car.It became clear to us, that if we could simplify the day to day, our clients could then focus on the task at hand, building and growing their businesses. The more time we spent on simplifying the process of doing business, the more we realized technology was the biggest hurdle. The more we made recommendations on technology, the more we realized we needed to be the source of the technology we recommended and implemented.It wasn’t long before we realized our true calling. We took a hard look at what we were doing and what was most effective for our clients. Creating, managing, and implementing technology solutions would be far more valuable to our clients.We still continue to evolve and grow, and we always have our clients’ best interest in mind. Whether it’s a home user or a company with hundreds of users, we want to make sure the use of their Macs is productive, effective, and as easy as possible.With all of the web sites and big box stores, we’re happy to be a small, independently owned business with the one main goal in mind – you and your Mac.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Delivering superior customer services for over 10 years, IBEX Global is a business process outsourcer offering an integrated suite of services that supports an expansive array of customer facing solutions.Headquartered in Washington, DC. IBEX Global delivers onshore, near shore and offshore solutions in 5 countries, across 18 call centers employing over 9000+ customer service professionals.  The recipient of several client and community awards such as the Goodwill Industries Employer of the Year, IBEX Global is one of the most forward thinking companies in the BPO industry.
GPL Technologies is a solutions provider focused on the design, implementation, and support of high-performance information technology systems.  Founded in Los Angeles, California in 2003, we draw on over a decade of expertise as trusted technology advisers, adding value for our customers by offering unique methods of improving IT efficiency, streamlining complex systems and environments, and reducing the costs associated with acquiring and maintaining IT systems. GPL cut its teeth serving the intense requirements of customers in the media and entertainment industry.  We bring that work ethic with us to every customer: time is money, deadlines are non-negotiable, and the show must go on.  Our company is comprised of creative, independent thinkers with a passion for technology.  We love big data, fast networks, and solving the problems posed by today's digital media production pipelines.If serving clients who think a quarter petabyte of storage is a starter system sounds like fun to you, or if you love dealing with the dynamic people and personalities in the fast-paced media and entertainment industry, we might be a great fit for each other.  Send us your resume and lets talk.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Runscope is building tools for developers working on API-driven mobile and web applications. We have a clear vision for the future of service-powered companies and the tools that will be required to build the next generation of applications. We're an experienced team backed by top-tier investors looking for people who share our passion for building great tools and want to help shape not just our products, but the company as well.Proven Work/Life BalanceA lot of companies talk about work/life balance, but we've to the data to prove how important to us it is. We've posted a breakdown of over 10,000 commits over the first year of the company showing when we work. See the stats.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
Supply chain management company with emphasis placed in Rehabilitation Therapy, Health IT, and Information Security
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
Itsa Southern Thing Apparel owns several clothing brands: Eat More Tees, Itsa Girl Thing, and Fripp &amp; Folly.  We strive to provide excellent service and quality to our wholesale customers while reaching out to our end user through online media.  All of our brands build from t-hirts first.  Because our company began as a custom screenprinting enterprise, we will always print our own t-shirts to control the quality and availability of our shirts.We love where our brands have been able to take us.  We hope you visit our website or any of our retail partners and find something that helps define you.  #URL_7190b3b80bd2332aa57046df34c6443e9e8c7afa14d9a03b927fabb3e18e7432#-girl-#URL_da1fcc952a602fe360bce433310e06afc227c889039d656770d684b010d99751#    #URL_8615272cf9fe9b8aa613d176988c9a055d24d06325087d9af2c27c94fdf9c3cc#   #URL_3d944d2625879d4238c81f31e9555704be9e677528a93d6a4cb2b28800358f0b#   
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Trading Economics provides its users with accurate information for 232 countries including historical data for more than 300.000 economic indicators, exchange rates, stock market indexes, government bond yields and commodity prices. Our data is based on official sources, not third party data providers, and our facts are regularly checked for inconsistencies. #URL_1dbb8734f78d96f86ab713f368d10e98086f2ea1c7f3e73eda4447581aa6bc72# has received more than 66 million page views from more than 200 countries.
Our CompanyAdcash® is an international advertising network that delivers billions of ad units each month reaching several millions of people around the globe. With a strong focus on the entertainment vertical, the network’s portfolio currently comprises over 90 000 websites that benefit from the company’s successful partnerships with a number of leading brands. The strength of the Adcash® platform lays in its cutting edge ad delivery technology and advanced internal tools.50 billion advertisements served in 2013Work in one of the top 100 biggest website in the worldEnjoy building great software used by a team of 50 personsImprove your skills by working on an interesting projectThe company’s headquarter is located in Tallinn (Estonia) with other branches in Queretaro (Mexico), Sofia (Bulgaria) and Paris (France).Our teamComing from very diverse cultural and geographical backgrounds, our team reflects perfectly the company’s image and global outlook.With a total of 9 nationalities represented, our 55+ team members bring not only an invaluable level of experience to the table, but also a diversity of thought instrumental in shaping the network’s identity.And so we can help you in: Bulgarian, Deutsch, English, Estonian, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish and Turkish!From hardcore techies to online advertising veterans and everything in between, our staff is comprised of committed professionals, who come from all corners of the industry, having worked with organizations such as Vodafone, Skype, Google, EA, Orange, Telcel and many others.
MaxPlay™ is a cross-platform digital publishing company focused on revolutionizing the games as a service market. You probably haven’t heard of us yet, but that’s about to change. Recently spun out of Technicolor Ventures, we’re busy building a world-class set of tools and technologies that enables game developers to reach larger audiences and provide the best gaming experience to their consumers. MaxPlay has a great team of veteran game publishers, engineers, and consumer product folks but we also need you to reach the next level.It’s not easy disrupting the game publishing business. Each day we’re tasked with building a broad range of products and services, and we’re looking for talented people in Austin, Los Angeles, and San Francisco that are excited to meet those challenges. Even if you're not a gamer, but love technology and creating new tools and platforms, we want to hear from you.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Sawyer Studios is a full service marketing and advertising agency providing media, digital and creative services to the entertainment industry. With clients including HBO, IFC, Magnolia Pictures, Vimeo, PBS, A&amp;E Studios, Samuel Goldwyn, Tribeca Film, Gravitas and Amplify, we offer highly data-oriented media planning and execution across online/tablet/mobile/set-top as well as broadcast, print, traditional digital, non-traditional and social. Fully integrated into our media operations we create and produce advertising assets from digital and print key art creative to spots, video and websites. We are experts in using the most sophisticated digital strategies and tools, including an in-house media trading desk, to promote the most progressive approaches to entertainment releasing from theatrical and day-and-date releasing to video on demand.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
About Rocket InternetRocket is the world’s largest Internet platform outside of China and the United States. We identify and build proven Internet business models and transfer them to new, underserved or untapped markets where we seek to scale them into market leading online companies. We are focused on online business models that satisfy basic consumer needs across three sectors: e-commerce, marketplaces and financial technology. Our company was founded in 2007 and now has more than 20,000 employees across its network of companies, which operate in more than 100 countries on five continents. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Providing luxurious menswear such as suits, shirts, neckwear and accessories for the tailored gentleman. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The company was founded in 1980 as ‘Panther electronics’ and since 1990 operates under the name Semitron. In 1996 Semitron relocated to new headquarters in the industrial area of Sindos near Thessaloniki. Focused on small and medium series in development and production of taximeters and printers, Semitron managed to create gradually more complex and smart electronic systems. The company invests in the human resources and is staffed by expert scientists and professors of higher educational institutions specializing in the field of Research and Development. With modern production and testing equipments, we offer to our customers the highest standard of quality and service. Our long experience is the basis for a reliable and efficient collaboration with our partners and customers.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Primesoft Inc is a fast growing IT consulting, services and outsourcing firm. We Provide IT consulting services to support clients in solving their business problems and increasing their operational efficiency by integrating and leveraging existing and new systems. We combine our in-depth domain knowledge with expertise in cutting edge information technology to deliver high-impact solutions that add value to the bottom-line of our clients. We also have strong domain expertise in Healthcare, Insurance and Financial verticals.
Axonix is a global mobile advertising technology company that's powered by a platform with a 4 year history of leading the market. Using technology acquired from Mobclix, the world’s first RTB-enabled mobile ad exchange, Axonix offers a fully transparent programmatic trading platform that enables publishers to sell their mobile advertising inventory in real-time to brands, agencies and ad networks globally.We serve billions of ads per month across more than 150+ countries, working with our 100+ demand partners globally to achieve industry-leading CPMs, CTRs and fill rates. With built-in fraud detection controls and data-driven targeting options, we help advertisers to secure the optimal ad inventory that will deliver the best campaign results for them.Axonix is headquartered in central London and backed by Telefonica and private equity group, Blackstone.OUR PHILOSOPHY TO HIRINGOur technology serves billions of mobile ads every month, across more than 150 countries. Our company is truly global in scale. We're growing so fast we need to hire the best people out there.People who thrive on fresh challenges. People who want to see their work make an impact, right away. People who demand a lot from themselves and others. We hire someone when we’re sure “There’s no better person for this job, and no better person we’d rather work with.”We know people are our most important asset. If you're exceptional at what you do, we want to hear from you. The next stage in your career could start today.
#URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163# is a cloud infrastructure services provider and is the maker of IronMQ, an industrial-strength message queue, and IronWorker, a highly scalable task processing/worker platform. #URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163#'s products are designed for building distributed cloud applications quickly and operating at scale. They are available on public clouds and can be deployed in private clouds and on-premises. - See more at: #URL_b8c3f2576b28056d29d512160f0ec01d7cd4c52a83b92b082ebf038447ef3adf###URL_488e10ae5474562a86abe0250c2001127ac41ebc0aa5d31e94298f51ea020d05#
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Bandsintown is a digital media company powered by music. With over 14 million registered concert-goers, a global audience of 120 million music fans and over 250K touring artists connected to the Bandsintown community, we are the premiere destination where artists and fans connect. To learn what we do for fans, click here. For artists, click here. For promoters, click here, And for brands, click here. We’ve got big plans and are rapidly expanding. And we’re always looking to add more talented people to our band… errr… team. Many of us are artists, performers, producers or DJ’s so it’s not just a job for us – it’s a way of life. We build the products we ourselves would want to use. We learn from each other, and inspire each other to do our best work, fueled by our passion for music. It’s in our DNA.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in 2000, Axxess Industries is an innovative electronics, software and signage workshop changing how people and technology interact in both hotels and homes. Our products can be seen in automated homes and hotels around the world.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
twago is a successful, international active IT-Start-Up on its way to become an established online company. We change the world of team work by connecting service providers and business companies from all over the world in order to successfully manage various projects.  
Frontline Solutions is a national consulting firm that offers clients in the nonprofit and public sectors a full range of services to enhance impact. The firm’s expertise includes strategy, program management and assessment. Frontline Solutions works to expand opportunity for all by applying a critical understanding of race, place, class and gender.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
SampraSoft is a fast growing IT solutions company headquartered in Atlanta, GA, USA, specialized in IT consulting, Staffing, custom software development and mobile application development.
Propoint provides custom, visual solutions that help our corporate clients engage their audience, win big, and set them apart from competitors. With more than a decade of success, over 10,000 projects, and thousands of clients of all sizes – from Fortune 500 companies to startups, our team has the extraordinary talent and deep expertise needed to create inspired and compelling solutions.We build world-class, custom presentation designs in a variety of formats including slide shows (PowerPoint, Prezi, Google Slides, Keynote), infographics, motion graphic videos, and mobile experiences (apps and epub). See the entire suite of our creative services at #URL_ff43622388e9246567b9f290115e41ec6fc9596479d0158afce1919bf76583db#
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We are a small team changing the way everyone thinks and deals with tax. It does not have to be a pain, boring and ugly. We aim to delight people that use SimpleTax, and are looking for like-minded go-getters. The more full-stack and independent you are the more at home you'll feel.We aim high and are looking to create a huge business in the UK, Europe and beyond. Our values are: 0) know our users; 1) communicate; 2) don't wait around for permission; 3) sweat the details, that's where the gains are; 4) you are smart, do what you think is right; 5) keep learning.
Social Care Alba is the highest graded Care at Home Company in the country.  We hold awards in Investors in People, Healthy Working Lives and Positive about Disability.  We are proud of our unique team of professionals who deliver outstanding individual support.Our team bring so much to our business; it's only fair we bring the same energy and dedication to developing their careers in return. It's all part of our commitment to quality in everything we do. We are proud to lead the field in professional Care at Home provision. Whether you're a Personal Assistant, a Social Worker, Nurse or one of the many other roles we have on offer, we'll support your growth at every stage of your career
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
This initiative is being led by a very talented, energetic and inspirational group of young Greek leaders called “Global Shapers Athens Hub”, under the umbrella of the World Economic Forum.  In a nutshell, the objective is for the corporate-business community to align with Global Shapers in order to develop and implement an internship program, whereby companies commit to taking on board selected talented graduates for 6-month internships – in order to offer  work experience / skill building and ultimately support the development of young talent to enter the local market.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Founded in 2009 by early LinkedIn employees, PeopleLinx gamifies employee engagement for LinkedIn, Twitter and other social networks. Our cloud-based solution helps employees optimize their profiles (establish credibility), leverage their relationships (get warmer introductions), and engage their connections with targeted content (attract prospects). Customers include Fortune 500 leaders in banking, insurance, legal, high-tech, and professional services. You can find us in the real world and on the web:1835 Market St. // Suite 1105Philadelphia, PA 19103#PHONE_f167a2f286e8f4cb0f9fa1e47261030df0d106c8fd5f112e530d0e136de51f64##EMAIL_11429015bb60de942be3eda067d6bc311a361e27527b1caa61d26744faa41e9d##URL_9844023bca59c32bd969064d87e9140e2e7a27774849164ee371457c6eb393f1##URL_fcf1545d702394fe08474c55816b6430cdab10fa1ca92ab2029f06e4eebec154##URL_9fcf934808d5aae269e51500d2f74a1158320477ca5f92484f12eef95e4812fc#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
Middle East Recruitment is a specialized recruitment and consulting agency. Established since 1997 founded by professionals that understand the need for exceptional people in the corporate world, with headquarters in London. Middle East Recruitment has become successful in providing the best talent and consulting services to an array of industry sectors.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
S2scout, is a Pittsburgh-based talent aquisition firm providing services to small, medium, and large organizations across several industries.S2scout is comprised of seasoned recruiters, A.K.A. “Scouts”, who are dedicated to helping clients AND candidates find the right talent or opportunity without wasting their time.Our dedication to providing clients AND candidates with fresh talent or unique opportunities is in the “S2scout” name. “S2” is the military term for intelligence. “Scout”, by definition, is a person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the target's position, strength and movementOur recruiters don’t sit and wait for candidates to come to them, our Scouts are in front of the search utilizing tactics that are…well…CLASSIFIED.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We are Netguru and we love to develop web application based on Ruby On Rails framework. We value quality, transparent communication and passion for work.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
SLV is a graduate led volunteer organisation in Sri Lanka. SLV provides degree-specific volunteer placements in Sri Lanka. Our placements abroad offer people the chance to gain work experience in teaching English, coaching sports, working with children and with people with special needs, and working in the mental health sector.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
We are making getting your home clean simple again. No more complicated quotes and cluttered websites. Just choose one of our flat rate services that fits your home, select a date that works, sit back and relax. Our professional team will take care of the rest, guaranteeing the very best service.
Jolie Cheveux, Inc  is a hair supplying company that offers 100% Virgin Remy hair. Committed to the quality ONLY, Jolie only offers the highest quality hair available in the entire world. We do not just talk about the idea of "good hair", we are good hair. By understanding the fears of buying "bad hair", Jolie will never sacrifice quality for profit or affordability.
FeedMe is an online multimedia food network connecting foodies and culinary experts in a way that they have never connected before. We feature culinary professionals and industry leaders, from chefs to artisans and give them a channel to showcase their food media, connect with foodies, create and share content on a platform dedicated to the culinary industry.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Innovative technology for digital pathology and cancer diagnostics
Market Logic is changing the way the world's largest companies run their market research and marketing functions. We are doing this by providing a unique SaaS-solution to capture all information about customers, markets, brands and competition and funelling the relevant knowledge to inform and inspire marketing decisions from innovation to activation. We believe that a systematic approach to integrate and use existing knowledge will dramatically improve the effectiveness of the hundreds of billions dollars spent on marketing each and every year across all industries, from consumer goods to pharmaceuticals.We are a venture-capital financed company with an experienced team of management executives who have a proven track record of delivering award-winning software solutions for enterprise customers. Seasoned operational executives, including Robert Hoog (former CEO of Ixos Software) and Arno Bohn (former CEO of Porsche), support us on the supervisory board. We advance our vision for a new way of doing marketing together with thought leaders from both the academic and professional side, including Prof. Dr. Dr. Meffert (Marketing Centrum Münster) and Prof. Dr. Schroiff (former Corporate VP of market research at Henkel).Market Logic offers a dynamic, fun and enjoyable work environment, located in central Berlin - just a block away from Kurfürstendamm. We are working with the latest and greatest technologies on engineering and UX challenges to deliver a truly innovative, scalable enterprise software that will alter the way an entire industry works.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
As a growing and successful startup, Conversocial is a great place to work for ambitious individuals.We build a market leading social customer service solution, and we need even more great people to help us push that position even further. You’ll get the opportunity to work in an exciting new market, where we’re helping companies to understand the solution to their problems and are changing the way they interact with consumers.We have a trusting, hands-off management style, which is suited for people that are self-motivated.Our employees have the opportunity for independence and responsibility over their own projects, but we provide all the support and training they need to get there and to develop their careers.At Conversocial we like to balance work and play.We eat lunch together everyday (a company perk) and all enjoy a Friday treat of cake and few drinks. Our close-knit team is very sociable, which makes the Conversocial office a relaxed, fun and supportive working environment.
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Happy Typing, on any smart device.Fleksy is officially the fastest keyboard in the world, and is so powerful that you can even type without looking.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
We believe clients need a business partner who gets their business, gets the uniqueness of their culture and gets their brand. A partner who can create BIG revenue generating ideas, and in the same day, execute the minutiae of experiential programs flawlessly. We are TraffikGroup. A different kind of company. A different agency experience.Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.
We are a family run business that has been in operation for nearly 40 years.  We value long term relationships and want to have team members that can be treated like family.  We are strong believers in a deal is a deal and we don't change pay plans after you crush it!  We want our teammates to enjoy mutual success.  We put the dealership first in everything we do.  That means above the ownership or the associates.  The needs of the Team are number one!We are located in Wilmington MA -- 15 miles from downtown Boston.  It's a great town with great people we have a primary market area of about 255,000 people.  This means plenty of people to help with their transportation needs.
Although AssistRx was formed in only 2009, we have capitalized on our 30 years of combined experience working within the specialty distribution channel, both in caring for patients as well as close collaboration with pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Our simple goal is to apply innovative solutions to provide greater access to therapy.                                                    Through years of exposure and insider knowledge, AssistRx (ARX) has become intimately acquainted with specialty therapy distribution, but has also identified shortcomings that exist in meeting patients’ needs using the current industry methodology.  Seeking to detangle the intricate complications that arise in this niche market, ARX has developed exclusive technology with our iAssist product and, when combined with our customizable features and superior service, we are confident it will be exactly what your organization needs to resolve prevalent issues and excel in customer care.  In fact, we believe our unique technology will revolutionize the current specialty distribution market by creating a seamless and efficient system to ensure benefits to all parties involved.                                                    AssistRx, as a company, is dedicated to developing technology solutions and offering premium customer service for the specialty pharma industry.  Improvement in the delivery of patient care has been a core motivation for ARX as we have partnered with healthcare companies, and it will continue to inspire us to find better solutions to continue to meet needs in this ever growing and changing market.                        AssistRx, Tomorrow's Technology Today.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Neverbland is a team of designers, developers and doers. Specialists in user experience, interaction design and product development. Having earned our spurs developing startups, we understand the importance of simple, elegant solutions and quick releases; matching beautiful aesthetic to functional design.We're driven by the Web's ability to unite and empower. That's why we're passionate about collaboration and the open source movement. But it's what we haven't done that really excites us. What's next?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
FP descriptions:FN descriptions:Climate Corporation and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!
Bradley Contracting Group Corporation offers a wide range of B2B services through a plethora of different small business entities. We have sectors in many different industries. Our main objective is to harness contracts with as many different small businesses, and corporations in the Cincinnati Tri-State Area, and in the southern ohio region.Bradley Contracting Group Corporation has been around for almost 5 years doing work in different cities for various clients. We've worked out of Louisville Ky, Charlotte NC, and Atlanta GA. As of November 2013 we've established ourselves as transportation and courier service. Some clients of note are FedEx Ground, and HHGreg. As a result of our own diligence and dedication to excellence we're also looking to expand into other markets as well as obtain contracts with Lowes, Best Buy, the City of Cincinnati, the State of Ohio, and many different schools and districts of schools as well. We're in excellent standing with the State of Kentucky and a registered Foreign entity with the State of Ohio. We're temporarily stationed out in Hamilton, Ohio within our transportation and warehousing facility we've recently acquired. Our main focus is to establish a reputation of excellence, diligence, and innovation. If you feel you can live up to our motto, "Excellence no excuses.", we'd love to have you as a part of our team!
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
We have aggressive growth plans in place for the coming years. We provide a much needed service in facilitating the growth of small and medium size business with innovative financing products to their clients.We, at Oak Tree Financing, commit our energies, intellect and knowledge to helping small and medium size business owners and entrepreneurs with extraordinary financing solutions to clients. We believe in providing the highest possible level of service and delivering superior results. We are committed to their financial well-being. With 67% of the population having No Credit or Bad Credit our financing products have helped business owners increase their sales on average by 30%.
Aegis is a global business services provider in the area of experience management. We provide a suite of solutions for our clients, from strategy and design to implementation and execution, that help global brands deliver memorable end-customer experiences.With a presence in 56 locations across 13 countries and with more than 55,000 employees, Aegis manages over a billion customer interactions every year for over 300 clients across verticals such as BFSI, Telecom, Healthcare, Travel and Hospitality, Consumer Goods, Retail, and Technology. Aegis manages, enables, extends, and enhances business experiences for its clients and their customers across consulting, technology, outsourcing, and training and education.Aegis is an Essar enterprise. Essar is a USD 39 billion conglomerate.- See more at: #URL_e8c499d2ca1fbf5755d4b1b178935b9083dccbe9587203a143de4981e0d2481a###URL_96e4f476dd7b820dc543c315e6e034d8241f8c53721d5ed893beb836062edb6e#
We have aggressive growth plans in place for the coming years. We provide a much needed service in facilitating the growth of small and medium size business with innovative financing products to their clients.We, at Oak Tree Financing, commit our energies, intellect and knowledge to helping small and medium size business owners and entrepreneurs with extraordinary financing solutions to clients. We believe in providing the highest possible level of service and delivering superior results. We are committed to their financial well-being. With 67% of the population having No Credit or Bad Credit our financing products have helped business owners increase their sales on average by 30%.
DRS Technologies, headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, U.S.A., is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. Focused on defense technology, the Company develops, manufactures and supports a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security. The Company has been recognized as one of the fastest growing defense technology companies in the world and holds leading market positions in thermal imaging devices, combat display workstations, electronic sensor systems, power systems, rugged computer systems, air combat training systems, mission recorders, deployable flight incident recorders, environmental control systems, telecommunication systems, aircraft loaders, military trailers and shelters, and integrated logistics and support services. 
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
At DynCorp International it is our commitment to conduct business honestly, ethically and in accordance with worldwide best practices.  DynCorp International team members all over the world are focusing on continuous improvement, introducing the Lean Six Sigma process to DI’s programs in aviation, logistics, operations and maintenance, and training.
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
F-SCORE = 0.6285714285714286
TP = 11
TF = 1476
FP = 0
FN = 13
TP descriptions:Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
#URL_ddb080358fa5eecf5a67c649cfb4ffc343c484389f1bbaf2a1cb071e3f2b6e7e# and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications throughout this process to the HR department at Aptitude Staffing Solutions#EMAIL_0c020555b4dbc1c1e03d03c46cc181bcfde81bf5b20fea95d1bc7dc64c79814c#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_f4da338e899ddba983ac771b001681d1d2d93b3327ddc420a15f4e5a310071a9# | #PHONE_90d33c9d7ec1484aebfe37b153d677decc6f5f53b316489ed24061544c04eb66#
Awarded by Expatriate Lifestyle Magazine with 2013 Best Business Hotel Excellence Award, Le Meridien Kuala Lumpur is the ultimate place for indulgence whenever one visits Malaysia. Strategically located in Kuala Lumpur Sentral (KL Sentral), the business and transportation hub adjacent to Kuala Lumpur city centre, the hotel is easily accessible through integrated rail connections. This 35-storey hotel is only 28 minutes ride from the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and 33 minutes from KLIA2 via KLIA Express Rail Link. With the integrated mall NU Sentral in KL Sentral, guests will have the opportunity to explore retail threrapy before commuting to the airport.
Aptitude Staffing Solutions has redesigned the recruiting wheel. Our innovative new platform cuts the recruiting time in half, yields scientifically-proven results and clients and candidates enjoy a pleasant experience through advanced, simple to use technology and a tenured, industry-experienced recruiting team. Join us in a fresh new experience of leveraging your career...the way it should be! All represented candidates enjoy the following perks:Expert negotiations, maximizing total compensation package Signing bonus by Aptitude Staffing in addition to client signing bonus (if applicable)1 Year access to AnyPerkRelocation Services for out of town candidatesContinued education in your area of profession, seminars, workshops and other skill development events Contract employees receive quarterly bonuses for the duration of their project Direct-Hire employees receive double bonues ($2,000) per referred/recruited candidate into their newly appointed companyAll candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program &amp; earn $500 - $1,000 per hired referral            
                                                                                 Staffing &amp; Recruiting done right for the Oil &amp; Energy Industry!Represented candidates are automatically granted the following perks: Expert negotiations on your behalf, maximizing your compensation package and implimenting ongoing increases Significant signing bonus by Refined Resources (in addition to any potential signing bonuses our client companies offer)1 Year access to AnyPerk: significant corporate discounts on cell phones, event tickets, house cleaning and everything inbetween.  You'll save thousands on daily expenditures Professional Relocation Services for out of town candidates* All candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program ranging anywhere from $500 - $1,000 for all successfully hired candidates... referred directly to the Refined Resources teamPlease submit referrals via online Referral FormThank you and we look forward to working with you soon!  [ Click to enlarge Image ]
Jaco Oil and Refined Resources have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications to the HR Department within Refined Resources (#URL_80d75e0d07ca8b108539318a0443bfe5d1ff472afa0c4540b77079c5d5f31eee#) #EMAIL_0b13a2cfd4718ce252c09b2353d692a73bd32552e922c5db6cad5fb7e9a2c6c3#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_395225df8eed70288fc67310349d63d49d5f2ca6bc14dbb5dcbf9296069ad88c# | #PHONE_70128aad0c118273b0c2198a08d528591b932924e165b6a8d1272a6f9e2763d1#
Aptitude Staffing Solutions has redesigned the recruiting wheel. Our innovative new platform cuts the recruiting time in half, yields scientifically-proven results and clients and candidates enjoy a pleasant experience through advanced, simple to use technology and a tenured, industry-experienced recruiting team. Join us in a fresh new experience of leveraging your career...the way it should be! All represented candidates enjoy the following perks:Expert negotiations, maximizing total compensation package Signing bonus by Aptitude Staffing in addition to client signing bonus (if applicable)1 Year access to AnyPerkRelocation Services for out of town candidatesContinued education in your area of profession, seminars, workshops and other skill development events Contract employees receive quarterly bonuses for the duration of their project Direct-Hire employees receive double bonues ($2,000) per referred/recruited candidate into their newly appointed companyAll candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program &amp; earn $500 - $1,000 per hired referral            
                                                                                 Staffing &amp; Recruiting done right for the Oil &amp; Energy Industry!Represented candidates are automatically granted the following perks: Expert negotiations on your behalf, maximizing your compensation package and implimenting ongoing increases Significant signing bonus by Refined Resources (in addition to any potential signing bonuses our client companies offer)1 Year access to AnyPerk: significant corporate discounts on cell phones, event tickets, house cleaning and everything inbetween.  You'll save thousands on daily expenditures Professional Relocation Services for out of town candidates* All candidates are encouraged to participate in our Referral Bonus Program ranging anywhere from $500 - $1,000 for all successfully hired candidates... referred directly to the Refined Resources teamPlease submit referrals via online Referral FormThank you and we look forward to working with you soon!  [ Click to enlarge Image ]
#URL_ddb080358fa5eecf5a67c649cfb4ffc343c484389f1bbaf2a1cb071e3f2b6e7e# and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!Please direct all communications throughout this process to the HR department at Aptitude Staffing Solutions#EMAIL_0c020555b4dbc1c1e03d03c46cc181bcfde81bf5b20fea95d1bc7dc64c79814c#Darren Lawson | VP of Recruiting | #EMAIL_f4da338e899ddba983ac771b001681d1d2d93b3327ddc420a15f4e5a310071a9# | #PHONE_90d33c9d7ec1484aebfe37b153d677decc6f5f53b316489ed24061544c04eb66#
Gary Cartwright established Cartwright Property Management in 2007 to help manage the HOAs that were created when his development company would develop a residential or multi-family community. He has developed numerous single-family, duplex, townhome and apartment communities. Gary is a General Contractor holding an Unlimited Building license and he is a licensed real estate agent in North Carolina. Gary is also a partner in a sister real estate company. His experience as a builder, developer, and real estate sales company owner will be beneficial in assisting his rental and HOA clients in managing their rentals and HOA communities.
TF descriptions:Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Founded in 2009, Greene Health Care Inc. is the leading provider of hospice solutions. We facilitate health care convergence through secure cloud- based portal technologies enabling health care organizations to serve the needs of their patients, employees, physicians and partners.
Digital Brand Architects is a transformative boutique agency that expertly navigates the digital landscape through a two-pronged business model: one that tackles digital strategy and social media innovation for some of the world’s most venerable brands and companies, and the other that specializes in the talent management of a world-class portfolio of over 90 top online influencers and publishers. DBA is best heralded as the first and only agency to have a dedicated management division for online talent and for pioneering a monetization model that leverages a digital publisher’s influence online and builds them into prominent brands offline.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HireHopes is the premier professional services consulting firm that specializes in strategic job search, career advisement services, and professional coaching with an emphasis in technology sectors.
Avazzar is a progressive recruitment company with a robust commitment to timely and accurate delivery of HR Solutions. Our approach, the transactional models that we follow, quality control benchmarks built into every process and our employees ensure that we deliver superior quality human resources to meet the full spectrum requirements of our clients.Avazzar's management team contains more than twenty years of combined experience in the field of HR, IT, ITES &amp; RECRUITMENT - a team of experienced cross-skilled, domain specialist consultants who meet every requirement at the least #URL_634518be3cafef4615865038a6016f9819e1b6cd9c2bd125b9c02ee10c7154f0# objective models are based on a customized talent acquisition strategy in identifying and deploying talent for every client where we have a wing-to-wing commitment on TAT &amp;Quality of Hire parameters for middle &amp; sr. level candidates.In an era where businesses in every sector is faced with stiff competition and staying ahead of the curve is a daunting challenge, we have consistently followed a simple credo - "be a differentiator".
The MacTay Group is a leading consulting company with its sole aim to nurture and improve growth in people and establishments by offering strategic and operations consulting services. Our 30 year success story has been one filled with excitement and fulfilment for our clients, overcoming difficult challenges, cutting across Private, Public and social sectors while staying true to our beliefs that limitations are only a figment of the imagination, with our committed and innovative team, we have proved this time and again.Our focus has always been to maximize output, performance and excellence, and this can be attested to by the numerous brands we have worked with in West Africa. Our major driving force is our deep seated passion to improve performance using the best possible initiative ideas, supporting our clients to improve and modify, exceeding expectations and in the end creating ultimate satisfaction. We are constantly on the edge of transforming, as we believe that nothing is impossible.
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
We are an ambitious company looking for energetic, enthusiastic and creative people to join our Dublin based team!  We offer a fun and challenging environment, a culture that fosters learning, and the chance to work on a diverse range of technologies. Boxever is a cloud-based customer intelligence platform that enables travel companies to leverage their online and offline customer data to create stronger, more profitable customer relationships. Using a unique fusion of travel knowledge, Big Data and predictive analytics, we aim to deliver unparalleled insight into customer behaviour across all channels.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Niacet is a leading producer of organic salts, including propionates and acetates, serving the Food, Pharmaceutical and Technical industries. With two longstanding and fully automated manufacturing sites, located in Niagara Falls, NY USA, and Tiel, The Netherlands, Niacet offers world-class quality products to a global market. Our products fill vital needs in a broad range of applications that are essential to everyday life including food preservation, antibiotic formulation, dialysis treatment, energy production, and more.At Niacet all employees share in the growth and prosperity of the corporation. We want our employees to take pride in their personal and corporate accomplishments. Safe working conditions are achieved through continuous education of our  employees and improved facilities. We aim to provide job and financial security for all employees.
We Build Great CompanieseFounders is a startup studio focused on building fast-growing SaaS technology companies. We believe that with simple ideas, great talents, some money and a lot of effort, we can build prosperous companies. Our goal is to co-found 2 companies per year and to help all our existing companies grow faster by pooling resources. 
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
Tutorizon is a web meeting point of tutors and students or individual learners.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
Aquira help businesses sell more. Lots more. We do this through a range of tailored direct marketing services, high quality data solutions, lead generation and end-to-end outsourced sales. We work with a wide range of big brand name companies across all sectors, delivering profitable customers every time. In fact, things are going so well that we've opened a state-of-the-art site. It's called our Sales Lab. And it's in Glasgow city centre. We are looking to recruit talented and passionate individuals in the following areas: Sales Lab based roles including Outbound Sales Advisor and Team Manager, Dialler Management, MI / Data Analysts, Professional opportunities including HR, Finance and Administration At Aquira, we’re looking for great people. Good isn’t good enough. Call us on #PHONE_351bffd1fb9279f982d96079a2090e49e56454b165d938e5fe464b7ea96a18ba# to find out more.
Mashape is the largest, most trafficked API marketplace/hub in the world.Mashape is a revenue generating startup powering thousands of APIs (both private and public) and Applications - it’s used in almost 100 countries by thousands of developers and adopted in every major industry including finance, healthcare, military, agriculture, insurance, government, media, e-commerce, retail, aviation, manufacturing and telecom.Mashape is funded by tier 1 VC firms including Index Ventures, NEA, CRV, Stanford University, Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt.
Ginetta Web/Mobile is a leading web company based in Zürich, Switzerland. We carefully design and develop outstanding user experiences for our clients. The applications we build are simple, beautiful and fun to use.We value people over deadlines. We offer a respectful, creative and result-oriented environment in which you can perform at your highest level. We work hard, sweat the details, and celebrate our progress with drinks at the end of the week.Check out our jobs page to learn more about what it’s like to work at Ginetta.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
Airenvy’s mission is to provide lucrative yet hassle free full service short term property management all around the world. We combine the charm of your home with the amenities of a boutique hotel.Currently the short-term rental property management companies are run inefficiently thus having to charge owners 40-50% of monthly revenues. By using our pricing algorithm cross-platform listing technology out goal is to increase your rental income by 20% or more while only charging you a 12%-15% commission for providing a turnkey experience.We like to think Airenvy is creating a new way for people to become excited again about property management and love their property managers.First use case for Airenvy clients are those who want to convert their long-term rental into short-term rental so they can 1) earn more income while having the flexibility of staying in your own place when you want.Airenvy is your friend next door! : ) Our customer video! #URL_e73543fde61f659ae4e25b87c34adb321c37207b4adc143cb6a99351c3ee1cb5#
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Schroeder Solutions is a full-service interiors company focused on keeping our clients’ and our own work environments as productive and enjoyable as possible.  We’re a growing company, awarded the Biz Times Future 50 Award and Top 10 Small Businesses in Waukesha County.   We’re looking to add more talented, highly motivated professionals to our team.   You’ll work in a fun, healthy environment with a team-focused, client-oriented staff.  Schroeder Solutions has a solid history of growing and flexing with your career desires and changing personal life. If you want to work in a showcase workplace with an eye on perfection and a desire to elate our clients, check out these opportunities:
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
Founded in the mid 2000′s, our services include building and management of systems that provide the overall web infrastructure, building successful applications, combines intelligent automation with powerful lead generation, e-commerce and social media strategies. Everything we do is aligned with our goal to help our partners succeed with the help of technology.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Urban Robotics Inc. provides cutting edge software and hardware solutions for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Remote Sensing and Geospatial applications. Products include aerial EO and NearIR digital sensor systems, high performance aerial and ground computer clusters, and automated algorithms and services for generating fast turn-around 3D orthorectified maps.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
G&amp;H International Services, Inc. is a Washington D.C. small business dedicated to providing services and technology to enhance organizational and community preparedness and resilience. We work with all levels of government and the private sector to develop and manage programs and projects that improve information management, situational awareness, and communications interoperability.GHI is a consulting company founded in 1997, focused in the Emergency Management industry. Our employees are our greatest asset. We are committed to continually building a team of the most qualified and committed consulting and technology professionals and helping them grow with challenging assignments supporting the company mission. GHI hires people who are able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive and help implement innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers.
Soal Technologies, LLC. is a full service information technology development and consulting firm. We work with our clients to provide business solutions that meet their current business challenges and allow them to expand their operations in future. We work with you to identify and create IT solutions that make your operation more productive and effective. We have over 25 years of combined experience in planning, developing and delivering effective and quality business solutions for a wide variety of industries. Learn more about our business solutions. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Convalescent Aid Society (CAS) is a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for residents of the San Gabriel Valley, Burbank, and Glendale, through the free loan of durable medical equipment for in-home use. For more information visit #URL_052430d7d79b22dcdca1a921844d47fd7d0c5b5647f0e67aa73acbd10f75da9c#
Gorilla Logic provides custom application development services on the ground and in the cloud to many of the world's leading software-driven organizations. It has a rich history of applying software engineering best practices to reduce the time and cost of delivering high-quality, full-featured applications with advanced functionality. Its technical leadership in mobile, rich Internet and enterprise applications showcases its broad commitment to software development best practices and quality. Gorilla Logic's innovative work with emerging development platforms led to the creation of MonkeyTalk, the industry leading open-source tools for automated mobile and web testing.Our client list includes companies such as NBC/Universal, Blue Cross / Blue Shield of Michigan, Verizon Wireless, eBay, Frontier Airlines, JPMorgan and the Veteran’s Administration to name a few.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
SocialWellth is a Las Vegas, Nevada based social engagement company focusing on leveraging consumer profile data, localized community resources, emerging media tools and gamification to create trusted connections between consumers and their healthcare #URL_a94316f384f48fd4e8d466974cd950a7694ce1fb7b1c2391dc1aa64328f340b5# on the strengths and experiences of the Nevada Gaming Industry, who has learned the power of harnessing consumer profile data into captivating relationships, SocialWellth, is poised to launch the country’s first profile driven hyper-personalized Consumer Health Connection Network.  This network will leverage social and health data, localized community resources, social media tools and gamification to create a trusted connection between consumers and their healthcare sponsors. Our platform strategies and solutions will create a centralized hub enabling partners to integrate and aggregate disparate online and offline solutions into a compelling, magnetic experience, which will in turn lead to sustainable achievements in day-to-day balanced living.
EventMobi is changing the way attendees experience events using their smartphones and tablets at conferences and tradeshows. Clients like Disney, Motorola and some of the biggest conferences and associations have used EventMobi to enhance the attendee experience at their events. Our event apps have been used by thousands of corporate &amp; association event planners and millions of attendees across the globe.We are on a crazy growth spurt and looking for passionate, fun, and outgoing individuals who love to educate others about technology, build relationships, and grow EventMobi’s international client base. Join us and help change the way the world meets and learns at live events with EventMobi.
About ADS Security – Our Proud History in the Security IndustryHeadquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, ADS Security (ADS) is ranked the 26th largest electronic security firm in the nation according to the annual Top 100 rankings compiled by Security Distributing &amp; Marketing (SDM), a leading industry publication. ADS has ranked in SDM's prestigious Top 100 for more than 20 consecutive years.ADS was established in 1990 and currently serves over 70,000 businesses, industrial facilities and residences throughout the southeastern United States. ADS provides a full range of burglar and fire alarms, as well as video surveillance, access control and automation systems.ADS Security is the only security installation company to operate a UL-listed1, CSAA2 Five Diamond Monitoring Center in Middle Tennessee. Each Monitoring Center Operator at ADS has earned the Five Diamond Central Station Certificate, the highest training certification available in the industry. 1 Underwriters Laboratories2 Central Station Alarm Association
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
PowToon (#URL_84da40102d63eebf414f1476e73cf04c518288708e1f2fe344ec3f0417a067aa#) is a brand new presentation software that is so simple and intuitive, it allows anyone who ever used PowerPoint or KeyNote to easily evolve their presentations to AWESOMENESS!PowToon contains themes of animated characters, props and cool transitions which you can just drag and drop into a slide to create eye catching and fun presentations that can be presented in person, or turned into animated videos at the click of a button.
Mindscape is a Wellington based software development company that specialises in building tools for software engineers. We have a high growth product, Raygun (#URL_6b2f170addc3dd0415d65e21a8ece81d4c134c2b1a8b449386367dfaa286971b#) that's growing strongly. Mindscape is profitable and recently raised money to aggressively expand. Well respected, Mindscape has won international and national awards for excellence in software and has thousands of customers, including BMW, NATO, Intel, Microsoft &amp; Beats Music to name a few. If you're up for the challenge of joining a fast growing business then look no further.
KatalystFP is a Specialty Finance and Servicing Company that finances small to medium sized companies.  KatalystFP offers a broad spectrum financing programs that can help small to medium sized business.  KatalystFP develops out of the box solutions to businesses that have a hard time finding financing.  These business are not businesses that are in trouble but may not fit a traditional lenders "box". We take the time to learn, underwrite and understand these businesses to get them the financing they need to grow their business.  We do the hard work that others won't.Due to our unique place in the financing world, we are experiencing growth that requires new team members with a broad set of skills.  We are a small but efficient team and are looking for the next member to join our family.  KatalystFP is  a fast paced, dynamic work environment and needs a team member that can adapt and evolve as we evolve.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Cloud 66 helps Devs and Ops deploy their applications on any public cloud. With Cloud 66, developers can deploy their web applications, mobile backends or APIs to their own servers on any cloud and benefit from load balancers, DB backups and replication, firewall management, team access control and much more.
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Tal &amp; Associates is a Premier Healthcare Search Firm specializing in aligning talented people in the healthcare field with outstanding facilities in the greater NYC area. We feel a Search Executive’s job is to search for an appropriate candidate based on our client’s requirements. The process begins by understanding precisely what will attract the top individuals to top opportunities. Explored is their motivation to make a change, their ability to meet the requirements of the offered opportunity, the critical point in the development of their career, and how their mindset fits with the company's culture. A large part of paying attention in our business involves mentally aligning this information. By considering and helping to prioritize a wide range of needs, we end up with a hiring process that allows for a highly successful match. We work efficiently to find the most applicable candidates, and we will only present candidate resumes where we feel they will fit with our clients requirements and motif. Our goal is always to build long lasting, positive working relationships between ourselves and our clients for future success of the professionals we work with. 
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNC’s for the past 12 years.We specialize in High end Recruitments in IT, Telecom, Embedded, Chip Design and Non-IT (Manufacturing, Engineering, Oil &amp; Gas, Infrastructure, BFSI,FMCG,Automobile,Aeronautics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Life-Sciences and Business Advisory) domains.We have a strong team of more than 100 employees operating from multiple offices in Bangalore located on HAL Airport Road.Visit us also at #URL_1722ee2d0bc47c66058101f0a811deb4a0991ebf80d1cadd752ef83c41ebfd15# , #URL_1bf25f25493e97bdc8354cb65991bb196949302fd5331c01b896c04df7c80783# , #URL_387f3642127667d307b8bfb226e4fb0d52ab6c3140cc7d544b8027e21c4fc3a5#
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Millionaires In Training Recruiting Group specializes in placing qualified job seekers in the most successful direct sales and marketing firms of Fortune 500 companies. We are responsible for placing thousands of job candidates successfully in a position that allows them to manifest their career goals. Whether you’re looking to take the next step, make a change, or pursue a different industry MIT Recruiting Group can assist you in taking your career to new unprecedented heights.  
Sendence provides next generation data technology to the financial services industry (broker-dealers, hedge funds and other services providers) at a far lower cost of ownership than in-house solutions, and at large scale with industry-standard SLAs. We solve complex business problems (large scale data warehousing, real-time analytics and alerting and associated reporting) using modern approaches. Sendence enables faster time-to-market, better scale, and simpler deployments.Sendence is hiring! If you are a high-impact, creative and wicked-smart technologist that wants to work on cool stuff and make a huge difference at a young company then we are a great fit. Apply to one of our job postings.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
Our Mission:Our mission is to help individuals turn their entrepreneurial dreams into reality.Our Goal:Our goal is to help entrepreneurial-minded individuals gain greater online access to business skills training, virtual business mentoring, and business networking opportunities.Our Organization:Training for #URL_d2c181a25d6cae93c1d13b76c0a0a9d1578c25d49b2eb89296c63bc083eda7a2# (TFE) is a knowledge and relationship development website of Legacy Associates, Inc. Legacy Associates is a small business consulting and management services firm located in Lakewood Ranch, Florida, USA. TFE serves the world-wide web in three primary areas: Facilitators of a web-based entrepreneurial development community, Creators &amp; Publishers of educational content for small businesses, and Trainers &amp; Mentors of online e-Learning courses, virtual mentoring programs, and live onsite training workshops.
Boxbee is the Storage Valet Service. We are a startup and also a real, revenue generating business. We help people manage their stuff and live happier urban lives. Half the world live in urban environments, where technology is increasingly applied to solve the problems that come with this way of life. Boxbee was the first to apply technology to the old-school industry of storage. Space in cramped urban apartments is no longer the limit on how much stuff you can keep, and have access to. Businesses use Boxbee, giving them space in their store or high-rise office, without losing access to their stuff.We already work with a select group of recruiters. If you're a recruiter, we thank you for your interest but please do not contact us about these positions. 
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
An agency that places native English speakers across Thailand to teach English, Maths, Science and Computer Studies to Thai children in Government schools. If you are looking for travel, teaching and a very Thai experience - MediaKids Academy can help.We place native English speakers with degrees in real Thai schools across central, Northern and North-Eastern Thailand. We offer a range of programs and levels, across different subjects, for four month paid placements! 
Synapse Games is exploding onto the mobile gaming market after over five years experience making social games.  We are a fun but fast-paced team, working on several deeply strategic multiplayer games.  We celebrate our progress every Friday with board games and team lunches, using the time to both research new game mechanics and relax after a successful week.Our hit game Tyrant Unleashed has climbed through the ranks and consistently appears in the top 100 grossing games on Android.  Our second game, Global Assault, has just launched and earned the #1 New Games slot on the Google Play store.  We have a proven track record of hit strategy games, and we seek highly skilled developers to help us expand on our success to grow this gaming empire while remaining an efficient and creative team.  
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Founded in 2000, Axxess Industries is an innovative electronics, software and signage workshop changing how people and technology interact in both hotels and homes. Our products can be seen in automated homes and hotels around the world.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Existanze Integrated Solutions was founded in 2005 and has established itself as a company with deep technical knowledge in a broad range of IT services, providing consulting services, systems integration and bespoke software development services across a large array of platforms and programming languages.Given the quick pace and shift in technology our company has been able to adapt quickly to meet new customer demands. Our engineers don't focus on a single aspect, they are able to tap their learning resources in a plethora of interests, in essence this is what gives our company that flexibility.Our work spans from systems integrations, where our customers had 3,4 and sometimes more systems running as disparate entities and we were able to provide a fully vertically integrated system with a single entry point. To web applications providing multiple points of access (www, mobile, sms, voip) for purchasing and invoicing.We also like to boast our more creative side having designed and implemented over 50 custom cms websites over the past 2 years.Finally we are also expanding our knowledge base to include talent for providing solutions in social networking ( analytics, statistics, data mining)  and mobile applications (iOS, Android).
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
Atcom is a world - class software vendor of smart content management products for intelligent interactive media solutions. Based in Greece, with offices also in U.K, Atcom has successfully completed more than 1800 large scale productions, all powered by the multi-awarded Netvolution WCMS. Atcom employs more than 120 people.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
VisaHQ hires a diverse and internationally minded staff of professional and reliable employees who are dedicated to breaking through the many bureaucratic barriers imposed on international travelers. They know their way past these hurdles not only from professional training programs and effective management, but through a wealth of personal and shared experience. In short, the company and its dependents hold themselves to the highest standards of professionalism, dedication, and respect.
At MAM, we are passionate about changing the culture of the mental health industry. We seek to de-fragment care, utilize technology such as telemedicine to bring care to rural populations, and bring innovative service delivery options to communities. We love our clients and the people who work along side us. We are a very people-oriented company, seeking to have an excellent internal culture in order to change the external culture. We love out-of-the-box thinking and innovative leaders. We would love to meet with you to discuss opportunities in our company or just get to know you! 
Palerra, Inc. designed LORIC™ to protect an enterprise’s entire cloud footprint from branded applications such as Microsoft Office 365 to infrastructure such as AWS, and everything in between. It combines security configuration management, threat detection, predictive analytics, and automated incident response into a single platform, delivering comprehensive visibility and ensuring continuous compliance. It does so without any hardware or software, and unlike cloud access control solutions, is not inline to critical online activities. Palerra is a privately held company funded by Norwest Venture Partners and Wing Venture Partners, and is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA. For more information, visit #URL_0c40dbc1d9014b6904197135b018741d1dd9cf15cacf146d50eac32c088fb31a#.
Riverside is an internationally recognized engineering, science, and information technology company with more than 25 years experience providing innovative information technology solutions for environmental decision support systems, using a variety of different environmental data sources, from satellite sensors and imagery to stream gauges in local rivers.RIVERSIDE QUICK FACTSFounded in 1985Corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, ColoradoCompleted over 1,200 projects in more than 30 countriesNCBR Mercury 100 List for “Fastest Growing Companies Over $2 Million”SBA “Small Business of the Year Award” recipientNCBR 2011 “Environmental Entrepreneur Award” recipientRiverside has successfully implemented more than 1,200 projects in over 30 countries, and maintains a strong worldwide customer base, including U.S. government agencies such as USAID and USTDA, and international donor organizations such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank, and FAO.Since 1985, Riverside has built relationships and partnerships with a variety of clients including the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB) — providing products, services, and solutions meeting their long-term needs.
We believe cities are complicated. And your mobile device should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.We're a small dedicated team based somewhere in London with backgrounds in transport, Google, apps, design, investing and academia. We're venture capital backed by a number of fancy pants investors including Balderton Capital, Index Ventures, Greylock Partners, Connect Ventures as well as some angels.We're motivated by solving hard fundamental everyday problems that improve the quality of people's lives. We like simplifying complexity, reinventing user experience, working with data, shipping fast, and humanising a serious space.We're hiring now!
Established in 1999,  Prometheus Group is a leading provider of and Health Information Management (HIMS) software solutions and Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) to Healthcare Providers (Hospitals, Academic Medical Centers, Physician Practices, IDTF's, DME Companies, ASC's, LTC's, etc.) and Pharmacies. Today revenue cycle is in constant transition, labor intensive and complex. At Prometheus we cut through this complexity with experience, operational discipline and process automation to business processes that allow our clients to minimize risk, manage growth and improve profitability. We optimize our client’s revenue cycle by leveraging our people, processes and technology to reduce operating and capital costs, recover revenue and increase productivity. 
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Brainbow is a London-based startup founded by entrepreneurs from Google, Amazon, Playfish / EA and academia with a mission to reinvent Education through mobile, games and sciences.With funding from tier-1 European and US investors, we provide a unique environment to work with great engineers, designers and neuroscientists.
Tile is one of the most successful crowd-funded campaigns in history and is building the world’s largest lost and found. Tile uses a "sharing economy" model to help people simplify their lives and save time by being able to know the location of their most valuable things at any time. Currently available in 32 countries, Tile continues to bring best-in-class performance in lost and found technology to its growing community of users. Tile is based in San Mateo, California, and we’re looking for more superstars to join our fast growing and venture backed team. You can learn more at #URL_6cfb2b10493b708c723bdd5df9fea83934769d593ea2e2916cc7dc1cd8c6db88#.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
Repucom is the world leader in sports and sponsorship consultancy, research and evaluation. We have been pioneers in our field for over 25 years, growing to 20+ international offices across the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa, with a base of leading clients across the global sports industry.
Essence London is a members lifestyle club – offering bespoke concierge service and proactive assistance to a select few.We are tireless, we are well-connected, we are dedicated, we are, in fact, the mirror image of our clients - and we are the only concierge service today that can truly offer its members that elusive frictionless life. We take immense pride in extending membership to only a select few – ensuring we come to know our members not just by name but by their distinct personality as well as their preferences and tastes.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Ryanair is Europe’s favourite low fares airline, operating more than 1,600 daily flights (over 500,000 per year) from 69 bases, across 1,600 low fare routes, connecting 186 destinations in 30 countries and operating a fleet of 300 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Ryanair has recently announced firm orders for a further 180 new Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered between 2014 and 2018. Ryanair currently has a team of more than 9,500 highly skilled professionals, will carry 86 million customers this year and has an outstanding 30-year safety record.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Tradable's award winning platform helps brokers solve the needs of their most demanding clients. Born open, our APIs allow third-party developers to build and deploy all types of awesome trading applications which sit seamlessly within the Tradable platform. Traders can discover and install new trading apps from the Tradable appstore with the click of a button to fully customize their trading experience. The result is a constantly evolving platform where traders and brokers alike benefit from all the great and innovative features being developed by the Tradable developer community.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Populist Cleaning Co. is an independently owned, full-service commercial cleaning company.  Populist has been providing janitorial services to Southeast Michigan since 1980 and was founded on one simple idea: offer our customers the best possible service, quality, and value.As a growing company, we are looking for exceptional people who share our love for the customers we serve and the work we do!When you work for Populist, you’ll enjoy flexible hours, a friendly atmosphere, and competitive pay.  You’ll also be a part of a team that is committed to supporting your career goals.  All necessary training will be provided.The ideal candidate is dedicated to providing outstanding customer service every day.
Piece &amp; Co. sources custom, artisan-made products and accessories for some of the world's top fashion and retail brands. It is committed to ending global poverty by providing sustainable employment opportunities to female artisans in the developing world. Since launching in 2011, Piece &amp; Co. has created thousands of jobs for at-risk women by connecting them to a global marketplace of conscious consumers. We have sourced products for major brands including Rachel Roy, J. Crew, Alice + Olivia, Toms Shoes, Crate &amp; Barrel, Ann Inc., and more. 
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
we are a digital creative studio focused on UX &amp; UI Design.we build delightful websites and applications with WordPress and Ruby On Rails.CareersWe are looking for people to join our team of passionate designers and talented engineers. We are based in Milan (Italy), in Talent Garden “Passion Working Space”.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We’ve bitten off one of the greatest online challenges – using social data to improve customer experience – and turned it into a few apps that start driving revenue right out of the box.If you’re determined like that, we should talk.We want developers who like turning thorny technical puzzles into startlingly simple solutions.And we want salespeople who wake up in the morning with a drive to improve websites’ results.Intent HQ’s audience intelligence technology is in high demand, and we’re constantly extending the capabilities (again, increasing demand). So we need smart people more or less constantly.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Taxibeat is changing the global taxi industry. It's an easy to use, convenient and contemporary way to hail and book a taxi using a smartphone. It uses the mobile technology to connect directly taxi drivers and passengers in the same way that Google AdWords connects advertisers and Internet users: taxi drivers advertise their location and availability to nearby passengers who are searching for a taxi using their Taxibeat mobile app. It consists of two mobile applications, one for taxi drivers and one for passengers. While drivers use the application to declare their position and availability, passengers use the Taxibeat app to virtually "see" all nearby available taxi drivers, in a range of about 2 kms. They see every possible information about each driver (distance, car model, customers' rating, services provided, etc) and select which driver to hail with a touch on the screen. Taxibeat launched with great success at May 2011 in Athens Greece, and now expands in a number of countries like Brazil, France, Romania and Norway. Want to join the global transportation revolution?
Sparkol is a growing software company based outside of Bristol, UK.We specialise in making unique tools that help people get their message across without any design or technical know-how. The Sparkol team comprises talented developers, designers, writers, musicians and support staff.Our main product, VideoScribe, enables our users to create engaging whiteboard-style animations quickly and easily. It's used by thousands of business people, marketers, illustrators, video professionals, teachers and students, as well as regular folk with stories to tell.VideoScribe is available for desktop as well as iPad and Android apps.
Welcome to interface rehabinterface rehab provides comprehensive rehabilitation (Physical, Occupational &amp; Speech Therapy) &amp; consultation services on a long term contractual basis to the various medical settings throughout Southern California.
In OPUS Integrated Communication we plan, organize and implement the strategic communication and marketing for companies and institutions of premium products &amp; services.At the same time, we organize and realize major and unconventional productions and we treat each one as a unique event, a whole experience that should satisfy even the most demanding audience.Our Aim is:To promote and communicate companies &amp; institutions with the most efficient meansTo create the most qualitative and unconventional event productions
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Being into the IT domain for over 4 years, Walkover specializes in web based application development and mobile application development. It has been creating innovative products since it was founded and continues to introduce new products from time to time.Technologies we useCore PHP, Python, #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659#, Android, Windows, open source software and powerful AWS servers. Walkover uses the best available technology - premium version of databases and so on, so that our products work smoothly.Key ProductsMSG91 (SMS solutions provider)MSG91 is an internet based service that allows you to send SMS and critical alerts to the masses.Product info:#URL_dec6f6c8d9574a0bc1a076d97338f24cd6025226211457c53c3687296348c0f4#UtterU (International calling)UtterU enables international calling by using mobile dialers, access numbers and other ways like two-way calling.  It helps you connect all over the world at very low cost.Product info: #URL_c7cee061daffb40439ee81a61a60ff7f68ca42dd3fd22258a611ff29d71dbae5#Giddh (Accounting software)Giddh is an extremely simple to use Accounting software that manages your day to day financial transactions in a systematic way so that it enhances the efficiency of your business.Product info: #URL_50c92cae3ee0f3f612d663ce1c86fd894e4c1a6247b98a273f0c828e13c68de2#Saveandsearch (Save your documents now to search them later)A web based tool which enables you to save anything and search later.Product info: #URL_cbcbf9e91b0d65022dfffc9fcab1f6005b8f6f42b967c08f21d13332ff197003#
Creators of innovative software products for financial industry. We believe that simplicity and great user experience can open up the financial world to more people than ever before and can create great opportunities for success.As the largest and most capable #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659# development team in Athens, we specialize in production of high performance scalable cloud applications, using only the latest technologies.BDSwiss Labs offers diverse, challenging and exciting working environment, where everyone can contribute to interesting projects by their best abilities having plenty of space for skill development and learning. Enjoy dynamic workflow while constantly learning and experimenting. Join us and build the future!
Capoo provide talent consultancy for fast growth digital &amp; tech companies. We are passionate about changing the way in which digital &amp; tech companies approach their talent engagement process. We provide bespoke services, focused on quality and speed, tailored specifically to your needs.
Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig is a consulting firm specializing in transportation and environmental planning, traffic engineering, transportation system design, and environmental services. Our philosophy is to provide creative, effective, and sustainable solutions that connect and enhance your communities. We are able to serve our clients’ diverse needs at the federal, state, regional, and local levels by applying a multidisciplinary and collaborative approach. Our strength comes from Principals with significant technical and management experience who stay actively involved in projects to assure the highest level of client satisfaction.In 1984, Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig began with three employees. Since then, we’ve grown to a firm with more than 100 employees located in Centennial and Colorado Springs, Colorado and in Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska. We’re dynamic, collaborative professionals who sustain a culture of high-caliber work, collaboration, community engagement, and healthy doses of fun. We believe our success is nurtured by a team that enjoys their work as well their workplace. Our staff donates time and funds to Habitat for Humanity and many other charities with individual champions. The FHUn committee plans multiple events that keep energy (and bragging rights) high and helps us remain a tight-knit team.Our success comes from our people.  If our mission is a good match with your career goals,  we welcome you to apply.
Parrot Analytics is a technology company that is working with TV content sellers and buyers to help them make more data-driven decisions to increase content-related ROI. The company has developed a unique technology platform that allows them to capture and analyze global TV content demand and consumption over the Internet in real time. This vast amount of global empirical data, combined with a data science layer, allows the company to provide unprecedented insights into geographic-specific content demand and predict, with high accuracy, future global performance for upcoming content.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
SocialWellth is a Las Vegas, Nevada based social engagement company focusing on leveraging consumer profile data, localized community resources, emerging media tools and gamification to create trusted connections between consumers and their healthcare #URL_a94316f384f48fd4e8d466974cd950a7694ce1fb7b1c2391dc1aa64328f340b5# on the strengths and experiences of the Nevada Gaming Industry, who has learned the power of harnessing consumer profile data into captivating relationships, SocialWellth, is poised to launch the country’s first profile driven hyper-personalized Consumer Health Connection Network.  This network will leverage social and health data, localized community resources, social media tools and gamification to create a trusted connection between consumers and their healthcare sponsors. Our platform strategies and solutions will create a centralized hub enabling partners to integrate and aggregate disparate online and offline solutions into a compelling, magnetic experience, which will in turn lead to sustainable achievements in day-to-day balanced living.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
Viva Online Services is the leading Greek online services website providing online services in various sectors like Travel, Ticketing, Telecoms, Insurance, sport events, cultural events, etc.Viva Payments is a Payment Institution operating under official license by the Bank of Greece. The company offers innovative payment services to businesses and professionals, combining maximum security with flexibility and support. Founded in 2006 and 2010 respectively, by parent company Realize S.A. are constantly looking for fresh talent to add to their human resources. Currently planning our international expansion, Viva Online Services and Viva Payments are the ideal places for anyone to kickstart their career or take it to the next level, and grow with us.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
HireHopes is the premier professional services consulting firm that specializes in strategic job search, career advisement services, and professional coaching with an emphasis in technology sectors.
Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of over 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from computer programming to photography and gaming. Our primary Q&amp;A site is Stack Overflow, the world's largest online community of computer programmers. Stack Overﬂow hosts a hiring platform; Stack Overflow Careers which helps users connect with top employers all around the world to ﬁnd new programming opportunities.Why work here?Simple, we’re a group of people who are trying to make the internet a better place. We are building an incredible team and we work hard to make sure every new hire is the best fit possible.You should work in the best environment, with the smartest people, doing challenging and different things everyday. You'll be happiest if you receive stock options, free lunches, and top-notch benefits, so we'll give you those things too. In fact, we'll give you whatever you need to get your job done.
An independent mid-size agency, RPR possesses a firm understanding of the marketplace in New York and across the United States, Europe and the Middle East. Our personal relationships with editors, writers and producers in leading media outlets around the world are one reason RPR is able to secure in-depth, feature coverage in some of the most well-read publications and on respected television news programs.A unique advantage of RPR is our organizational structure. A team of senior publicists brings specialized industry knowledge and extensive media relationships to every account. Guided by a multi-disciplined and proactive approach, RPR consistently delivers maximum exposure for our clients and their companies.Our practice areas are staffed by senior industry professionals in the following sectors: real estate, business-to-business, financial services, technology, security, hospitality and lifestyle, luxury and consumer brands and products, cleantech, entertainment, healthcare and non-profit organizations.RPR’s staff is comprised of senior-level communications professionals with specific expertise that aligns with our practice areas. Our staff members frequently call upon colleagues with other areas of focus to supplement our overall efforts on behalf of our clients and provide a comprehensive service platform.
carwow is a comparison site that takes the uncertainty and hassle out of buying a new car. We’re passionate about getting people the best car buying experience, from research all the way through to purchase.A young, driven, energetic startup based in central London, carwow are backed by Europe’s leading VC’s including:Balderton Capital (Betfair, Bebo, Bookatable, Yoox)Episode 1 (Zoopla, LOVEFiLM, Shazam)Samos (Betfair, Kabbee, Ocado, BoF)We’ve raised over £1.3M in funding in the last year, with more on the way, so we’re growing fast!We believe buying a new car should be enjoyable. Through carwow consumers can quickly compare upfront offers from our trusted dealer network and buy directly without any hassle or haggling.If you want to help us change the future of car buying, get in touch - you definitely don’t need to be a petrolhead! It’s the chance to be at the start of something huge.
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
A Squared Advisers is a Chartered Accountancy Practice based in Lake Macquarie providing timely and personalised service to small to medium businesses. We have a strong focus on the medical industry and property industry.A Squared Advisers are a fully cloud based practice using the best of the available technology to help our clients. We also have competitive fees which are agreed upfront with our clients, most who pay monthly. This makes our clients happy and allows us to focus on meeting their needs and adding value to their business.We're not a firm who just prepares end of year accounts and tax returns. We have a strong desire to help all our clients do better.Our employees have flexible working arrangements, and part time (four day per week) positions are preferred. Working harder is not working smarter.
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
At Atlas Lift Tech, safety always comes first!  We are a fast growing company with an innovative vision of making Safe Patient Handling and Mobility (SPHM) programs available to hospitals systems nationwide. ATLAS is the first company offering safe patient handling and care staff training programs that protect healthcare workers and patients from the dangers of manual patient handling. Our unique team brings together bedside training, education, and program management to empower care givers to reduce workplace injuries, improve patient care, and create a culture of safety.
MRSI is a nonprofit organization established in 1977 by a group of parents and professionals as a local alternative to the institutionalization of people with intellectual or emotional disabilities. We provide an array of services from group homes, respite care, affordable housing, homemaker/personal care services, vocational, recreational, and social activities.
Namely is the leading end-to-end HR and payroll platform for growing companies. Offerings include human payroll, benefits administration, time management, human capital management, performance management, and employee engagement. In addition, each company is assigned its own account manager, available 24/7 for ongoing support and training for each of Namely’s features. Namely is used by some of the world’s most innovative and exciting companies from many industries, including media, technology, commerce, and professional services.
Founded in 1997, The Missing Link is a premium provider of information technology solutions across applications, infrastructure, virtualisation, security, storage, telecommunications and cloud services. We draw on a range of premium partnership relationships with the most respected brands in information technology. Some of our tier-one partners include IBM, Lenovo, Microsoft, NetApp, Cisco, VMware, Citrix, Telstra, Dell and HP. The Missing Link has grown year-on-year from modest beginnings to be recognised as one of Australia’s most-awarded IT solutions providers. There’s no secret to our success: we’re passionate about responding rapidly to our client’s needs, working collaboratively on solutions, delivering on time and on-budget, and over-delivering on service expectations. Why The Missing Link ?We offer an exceptional working environment and cultureFunky converted warehouse layoutFree breakfast and soft drinksFree indoor gymRegular social eventsMonthly bonus incentives
We Help Create Communities that Withstand the Test of TimeThe Kuester Companies professional management division specializes in the management of communities throughout the Carolinas. From new construction to established communities, our veteran team of professionals oversee the maintenance and operation of associations that range in size from 20 to 3,000 homeowners.We represent and work closely with association members to protect property values, and uphold the quality of their community. Our regional offices and our well-trained on-site staff ensure that issues are resolved quickly so that homeowners can enjoy the benefits of their community throughout the year.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Kin is a hosted HR management app used by small companies to manage employee data and files, time-off, and new hire onboarding. Our mission is to make HR managers more efficient, and to delight employees with a fresh, simple interface to their workplace.
Cookisto is a trusted community marketplace connecting talented home cooks with hungry locals. What started as a Master’s Thesis has developed into a fast growing community of foodies. Enjoying thousands of home-cooked meals each month, the Cookistas know that good food is for sharing. We aim to be the biggest peer-to-peer marketplace for food; offering healthy, personalized homemade meals to the world.Intrigued? Check out our current job openings.  
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Internet Engine is a dynamic and diverse Internet marketing company specializing in Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), rapid website deployment and lead generation for Real Estate professionals. We have developed a successful unified marketing strategy that generates targeted traffic to websites which provides hundreds of leads each week in several lucrative Real Estate markets.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Collabera is a fast growing, end-to-end information technology services and solutions provider working with leading Global 2000 organizations from the Banking &amp; Financial Services, Telecommunications &amp; Media, Technology, Energy &amp; Utilities and Manufacturing &amp; Retail domains. Collabera delivers highly responsive and innovative solutions that help clients align their IT strategy with business goals to address the most important IT needs through a combination of consulting solutions, proprietary methodologies, assets based services and a Collaborative Engagement Model.Collabera employs over 8000 professionals across more than 25 offices and 4 world-class delivery centers in the U.S., UK, India, Singapore and Philippines. We deliver a full portfolio of services that include Consulting, Application Development &amp; Management, Independent Testing Services, Enterprise Software Solutions, Product Engineering Services, Business Intelligence &amp; Data Warehousing, Mobile and Wireless, Infrastructure Management as well as Professional Services.
Teachers R’ Us is a child care placement agency. We staff qualified candidates in various Early Childcare settings throughout the South Eastern United States. We specialize in placing childcare professionals in long term, short-term, and permanent placements.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
HeaderLabs is one of the quickest increasing Technical organizations in Delhi-NCR area We create SAAS and Cellular items that are used by a large number of customers. We only do top-notch, top great quality perform. If you are looking for new difficulties, then you should definitely examine us out. Age, Certification, Encounter, no bar. If you have the interest to be the best, and if you like to regularly get over new difficulties, then you are entitled to a chair in our office! We are extremely pleased to be one of the best Technical groups in Delhi-NCR area. Our pay-package is one of the best in the market. But do not implement if you are looking for only cash. We are looking for individuals who like to have fun at perform. Those who really like to innovate and who flourish in fast-paced perform lifestyle are the ones who are fit for HeaderLabs.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
StepBeyond Solutions Inc. Talent Acquisition &amp; Search Consulting The StepBeyond talent acquisition system includes a network of experts in their fields. StepBeyond utilizes the latest technology in marketing system management. 
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Founded By Entrepreneurs, For Entrepreneurs Catapult Chicago is the unique, digital start-up community located in the heart of Chicago’s River North neighborhood. Founded by entrepreneurs for entrepreneurs, Catapult Chicago is the only non-profit, 501(c)6, working space for Chicago start-ups that have demonstrated business traction. It is our mission to help grow the next generation of technology startups in Chicago. Catapult Chicago Adheres to 3 Core Values PASSIONThe success of our residents drives every decision at Catapult PEER SELECTIONGroup selection of the most talented, ambitious, and collaborative teams – those with business traction MARKET IMPACTSetting new examples of engagement with the business community
Hi!We are Monterail. A team of Ruby developers and designers who build meaningful software every day. We are looking for savvy people to join our team and help us build a better web.Learn more: #URL_074ed509d4e2d0cd70102126310076f09d8d71232d9d760bb7de93f50b88d7f6#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
We are on a mission: Making cities smarter.Cities are complex. And your smartphone should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.How do we contribute? We are reinventing the best public transport app. (#1 Winner of the Mobile Tech Award)We're based in Berlin. Close to Hackescher Markt. We have a rooftop terrace &amp; a plunge pool. We love it.We are hiring now!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
i28 Technologies has demonstrated expertise in areas strategic to different business in varying verticals. I28 Technologies provides highly skilled Technology Consultants to meet the IT needs of our clients. The functional expertise gleaned from the experience of working for Fortune 500 companies has enabled the team @ I28 Technologies to provide professional service in the areas of Human Resource Consulting, IT consulting, Financial consulting, Business process consulting and Outsourcing. The company's core capabilities in IT consulting are in ERP, Datawarehouse (ETL), Web Technologies, BI Reporting &amp; Database services wherein we concentrate in SAP, OBIEE, Bigdata, Java, Sharepoint and Oracle.I28 Technologies has been incorporated by Top Professionals; therefore we have firsthand experience of the market. We have Global presence in four countries across the globe - USA, Canada, Malaysia and India. Our Client list includes BlueStar, Allianz Life Insurance, TCS etc. I28 Technologies facilitates online/classroom training on various modules of ERP, Datawarehouse (ETL), Web Technologies, BI Reporting &amp; Database. Courses Offered for entry level positions:•             Data Warehousing – ETL and Reporting Tools (Informatica PowerCenter 7.1/6.2/6.1/5.1, Business Objects, Cognos, Data modeling, Erwin, Sybase)•             SAP HANA/ BO/ BODS/ CRM•             JAVA Hadoop/ .NET/ Sharepoint/ Bigdata•             Teradata/ Oracle/ Spotfire/ OBIEE/ Biztalk and many more as per request…  Why you should join I28 Technologies??We have an unbeatable success rate of 100% placement throughout USA &amp; Canada making us proficient in giving our employees the best salaries.We keep full transparency with the employees and believe in high commitment levels as it is the key to have a long-term fruitful relationship.Our competence with SAP, OBIEE, Java and .NET has helped our clients to streamline their business processes and customize their modules to suit their business environment enabling us to upgrade the skills of our employees and broaden their horizons with the latest technology by facilitating online/classroom cross functional training.We also execute On-project support systems when the skills of employees are upgraded and new projects streamlined for them.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Replise was started in 2008, just a year after Twitter was launched, by a bunch of serial entrepreneurs who believed they could bridge the gap between technology and business. We focus on what we are best at: analysing social media and giving insights; so our customers can focus on what they are best at: their core business. The expertise of our research team, the flexibility of our social analytics platform and the breadth and depth of our data empower our customers. They can develop better products because we help them understand the needs and wants of their target audiences. They can keep ahead of their competitors and keep up with their industry’s cutting edge because we help them see what’s in the big picture and what is not. This is why we work with brands like Nike, Samsung and Nestle, and many communication agencies across Europe.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
DNHOST, founded in 2000, is offering web hosting, domain names and e-commerce services in Greece. Since its foundation, the company always keep a high standard level of services which results in a stable customer base.The DNHOST team of about 10 people works in a very friendly environment and assure the best services to the client at all time.Getting the feeling? Feel free to send us your resume.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
We provide a fresh perspective to HR and career solutions. Building on solid expertise, international experience, and a strong portfolio of psychometric tools, we provide our customers with effective human resources and career management solutions. Our services include: Integrated recruitment and selection solutions, Assessment Centres, CV writing services, Interview preparation, Career planning.Please visit our website for more information.
StayClassy is a fast-growing San Diego-based startup that develops an online fundraising product used by thousands of Nonprofit organizations around the world. The company was founded in 2006 by a couple of friends who were looking to fundraise for charity, but didn't know how to get started. They envisioned a platform that made it easy for Nonprofits to turn their supporters into fundraisers; and so, they set off to build one. After years of testing their concept with dozens of Nonprofits, their initial idea has evolved into what is now an industry-leading online fundraising solution for Charities, Foundations, Churches, Schools, Clubs and more. Recently, the founders were selected by Bloomberg Businessweek as one of the top 5 most promising social entrepreneurs in America. The company is also the host of the Classy Awards, the largest philanthropic awards show in the Country.
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Offerial is a hospitality technology startup helping hotels improve sales, marketing, customer satisfaction and loyalty through personalization.Our product enables hotels to convert more hotel website visitors in to bookings, and avoid paying large commissions to #URL_f7c3db02a9e96f06ba0d3ee82ae77828e0071e332d7de8dcdf23c68f8bb689d0#, Expedia and other similar, who until now generate most hotel bookings in the world.For more information about the company, please visit our website: #URL_b52a2c4345129decacb3d678d3df65b7f2ccf7260a41a0f6abf730bf22a4f334#Why work at OfferialA startup company is different than a big company. Startups are teams of excellent people that develop products to solve a need or a pain of thousands or millions of customers with repeatable &amp; scalable business models. Most of the product features a startup team develops will get thrown away very quickly and replaced by newer, better ones, others will be modified, and maybe the entire startup will pivot to an entirely new direction at some point in its life cycle.Team members in a startup like Offerial must understand that there are no role limitations &amp; no concrete job descriptions as one might expect to find in large(r) companies. Team members may start doing a certain job when they join the team and may end up 6 months later doing something completely different and this is perfectly normal. Actually, we love it when this happens!We love people who have a short learning curve that have the habit of learning new things (even things that may seem of no importance), people who are open to new ideas as well as lean &amp; agile.We deeply appreciate people who are able to let go and not get attached on things they worked really hard to achieve, if the new one is better, and in general people constantly excited by change, new challenges and the "impossible situations" where for the first few hours/weeks there doesn't be to be a solution to a problem!We do not judge people's abilities based on university degrees or fancy titles. We only care about each person's satisfaction &amp; ability to deliver and to strive at what we do.
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
We're a Pune based company which specializes in creating apps that you will fall in love with.We're working with some dangerously creative companies both in India and the US, and are on our way to redefine the way mobile apps are made in India.Our clients include Metallica, Phish, NH7, BookMyShow and a whole lot more who're just waiting to get started. It's the most exciting time to be here in India, we're faster, smarter and are out to change what the rest of the world thinks about us. And we're doing our bit to break the status quo.You would be expected to work in small teams, own your projects, and write beautiful code.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
About Book‘n’Bloom● Book’n’Bloom is a smart business tool for micro-small businesses allowing them to operateSocial &amp; Mobile. We make a Facebook app that provides shop owners with all tools they need to manage their business - Customer catalogue, Booking calendar, List of services &amp; products, SMS &amp; App notifications and much more - and their clients (consumers) get a FREE mobile app to make bookings, get notifications as well as offers and other information from the shop.● We are already a 3 year-old company funded for our growth and expansion and we plan to launch Book’n’Bloom in 10 new cities over the next 12 months.● Book‘n’Bloom is about helping millions of small and great local businesses transit from pen &amp; paper to how business is done in 2014 and give them the tools they need to meet consumers’ expectations - all neatly wrapped in one Facebook application and a FREE mobile app.● Join us and let us help millions of small local business owners grow and stay competitive or letaspiring business owners see how fast and easy it is to get started.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
United Labor Group, LLC is the premier industrial staffing company. ULG works closely with clients to provide the best possible solutions for effective labor management and implementation of a variable workforce.  ULG prides itself in providing the proper safety training of its employees and offers the same training to its clients.Professional, timely, cost-effective services are delivered to all clients, on every job, nationwide and internationally.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We experiment with new digital products, retail experiences and business models at M&amp;S.comWe experiment with ways to make shopping really easy for our customers: we want our customers to browse, discover, and buy in ways that suit them.We experiment with new business models: we question the needs and wants of our customers and reimagine how to fulfil them from the ground up.Our team have mostly come from well known European startups and we love working with innovators who want to make a difference!Our business is changing. We have over 22 million customers. By investing heavily in technology, in the last year alone our online sales have gone up 16.6% and sales via mobile have rocketed over 200% following the launch of our dedicated mobile apps. But we don’t want to just transform our own business; we want to revolutionise retail. Which is where you come in.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Come on in.Welcome to August Smart Lock.The August Smart Lock is the secure, simple, and social way to manage your home’s lock. Now you can control who can enter and who can’t—without the need for keys or codes. And you can do it all from your smartphone or computer.August builds products that make life simpler by allowing physical environments to respond seamlessly to people’s behavior. We believe in building quality experiences for our customers through elegance and simplicity. We have a lot planned for the future, and are looking to build a team eager to join the ride. Who we are looking forAugust values multi-skilled engineers who are just as passionate about crafting secure, yet beautiful experiences for our customers as we are. We expect our software developers to be comfortable working in multiple programming languages and to be enthusiastic about learning new things. We do have high standards. Our product aesthetic extends to our code. We expect our hardware engineers to be obsessive about things like power consumption and reliability. If you look at everyday objects and believe they can be made more intelligently, we are looking for you.Things we are buildingA peerless security infrastructureiOS, Android and other mobile applicationsA compelling and intuitive web dashboardSensor-laden hardware devicesRobust customer intelligence toolsAn ecommerce system
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Based in Tokyo, we are an international team of engineers and consultants who are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of web technologies.Tech Consulting &amp; Application SupportWhether it’s gaming or commercial applications, Wizcorp has years of experience working with a wide range of web and mobile technologies. From scaling #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659# to scaling databases and database management, from backend analytics to frontend animation, Wizcorp is one of the leading professional names in mobile, web, and platform engineering.Game Development &amp; Support ManagementWizcorp works with global publishers and IPs to produce high quality games with dynamic content support and scalable backend. Struggling with your game production? We’ve been there before. We can provide you with the management oversight you need pre-launch, or the after-launch technical support as your application grows.Mobile &amp; Desktop Application DevelopmentWe don’t just stop at games! We have become prominent leaders in hybrid, native iOS and native Android platform and application development. Having fundamental core knowledge in building great applications for the web means all of our mobile web applications can run on the desktop browser too!
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
HTS Ag has been working with producers to prove the profitability of precision technology since 1995. HTS Ag’s goal is to partner with producers to implement the latest technology to improve efficiency, reduce cost, improve yields, increase margins and improve environmental impact. Utilizing the latest technology HTS Ag can create a complete, customized solution for any size farming operation. As a trusted advisor they help customers maximize their return on investment in technology. HTS Ag also emphasizes the importance of processing the vast amount of data available to growers and transforms that data into valuable information they can use to make sound agronomic and business decisions. Check out HTS Ag at #URL_1bf6049239fc129c019b605b46a48b171e63c4151f283380f7fcb7fa1f512d58#.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
The best word to describe PCP’s culture is PRIDE. Pride in our company. Pride in our job. And pride in our relationships.That pride contributes to the fact that employees at PCP are happy and like working for PCP. Furthermore, PCP’s employees are our number-one asset.If you are an exceptional, motivated individual with a desire for an opportunity to grow, be challenged, and make a difference, we invite you to take a close look at what PCP has to offer. We also invite you to share with PCP what you have to offer.Interested in any of our current job openings? Please be sure to fill out an application by clicking the job title.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
AVEX Funding is a mortgage bank and direct lender based in Silicon Valley, California with three generations of experience in the mortgage lending industry.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded in 1999, PowerChord is a leader in Digital Brand Management, specializing in the development of online channel management software that allows organizations to manage their brand and retail sales through an independent sales channel. The PowerChord Dealer Network System provides the independent dealer with a world class online retail presence; the objective is to drive business to the dealer’s web presence and ensure every dealer represents the client’s brand and products accurately, attractively and effectively.  As the success of our system grows we desire to retain our “small company” feel, valuing our employees, their families and our clients. We reward innovation, hard work and unconventional thought. We’re a fast-paced, energetic group that strives to get the job done right. Our collaborative efforts and progressive thinking have landed us on Tampa Bay’s Fast 50 list in 2010 and again in 2012. If our expectations meet yours come join our team.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Save-In is a mobile startup, that aims to revolutionize the mobile couponing business via a unique value proposition towards the brands, the retailers and most importantly the consumers. Anybody interested in working with us should be ready to challenge the status quo, assume risks and take full responsibility of projects.The company has already established operations in Greece and is fast recruiting to drive international expansion.
HappyFox is a young startup that is all about bringing the happiness quotient in support teams. We help companies transform their customer support teams from good to great. Our offering includes a help desk ticketing system, self-center support center, knowledge base, forum and social media support management. For more info, check out: #URL_7fe95ca462a848b79ff7744e7d9d59c2b6814caf76ccea2db2eb1cec5090c67f#
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Here at Mansfield Property Maintenance we are experienced in providing reactive day to day building maintenance, planned preventative and cyclical maintenance, measured term maintenance and emergency out of hours services. Our aim is to maintain an enviable first time fix rate to minimise any disruption that may be caused and we achieve this by working closely with our clients as part of our commitment towards mutually agreed objectives.Accountability is key to our success and a full range of management reporting and audit facilities help not only us, but our clients effectively manage their maintenance requirements. Our pricing structure is fair, accountable and transparent – Mansfield is a company which has built its reputation on its honesty and integrity and it is our commitment to customer satisfaction at every level which continues this reputation.KPI statistics form a large part of our reporting procedures and we are committed to understanding our clients and developing our services to meet their needs not only in terms of maintenance services but also their administrative procedures. Every job is carefully tracked and audited to help us continually improve the levels of service to all of our clients.As a natural progression from reactive and planned maintenance we also carry out quoted minor works and refurbishments, and can also handle larger project work for our clients.The advantages of using us for this type of work as well as your maintenance is that we directly employ a wide variety of trades so that all of the work could be carried out and coordinated by one contractor and not several, and you would be employing someone you already have a rapport and trusted relationship with.Mansfield Property Maintenance have a proven track record of successfully completing refurbishment works, both within the Public and Private Sector. Many of these projects stem from repeat business from existing customers, who would be happy to attest to our capabilities.We are familiar with the need to manage a project from inception to completion whilst minimising costs and exceeding expectations.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
#URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163# is a cloud infrastructure services provider and is the maker of IronMQ, an industrial-strength message queue, and IronWorker, a highly scalable task processing/worker platform. #URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163#'s products are designed for building distributed cloud applications quickly and operating at scale. They are available on public clouds and can be deployed in private clouds and on-premises. - See more at: #URL_b8c3f2576b28056d29d512160f0ec01d7cd4c52a83b92b082ebf038447ef3adf###URL_488e10ae5474562a86abe0250c2001127ac41ebc0aa5d31e94298f51ea020d05#
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Heath Appointments is a network of experienced, top performing recruitment directors. We offer a comprehensive support service and network which allows recruitment professionals to have the flexibility of being self employed without being burdened with the time consuming activities that most sales focused recruiters dislike or avoid.
Maguru helps small businesses get more customers though efficient and fair priced managed online marketing.To do this we use technology and marketing techniques previously only available for big companies with deep pockets.By aligning our customers goals with our goals we deliver an honest and transparent online marketing solution that our customers trust and love.See all jobs at: #URL_48fdbaa419bcc74c77527f23b3f771d053491adc21103e85da659b5578ffb329# Maguru ApSIndiakaj 122100 Copenhagen OEDenmark
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Even &amp; Odd Minds is a talent-driven consulting firm providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic outsourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for engagements in select Information Technology and Engineering disciplines. Founded in 2011, Even &amp; Odd Minds combines international reach with local depth, serving our clients all over North America.  
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
We're hiring!AvenueStory is a concept driven by people, a team that thrives by delivering results, making people happy and achieving targets. We always need talented individuals to help us grow, develop and improve our service. If this sounds a bit like you, we invite you to be part of our international and dynamic team.Avenue Story offers chic apartment accommodation in Paris and London for leisure and business short term stays - a redefined travel experience, enabling guests to stay in unique surroundings and explore each city like a local. Our offer also include personalized local concierge service, helping each guest plan all stages of their trip. See what we do here.        
Priority Care Group are a family run care group with 6 Care Homes in Scotland.Working with us as part of our growing team is a rewarding experience with excellent opportunities for career advancement through training.There are many benefits of working with Priority Care Group. These include:Priority Rewards SchemeAdditional Annual Leave incentivesHighly Competitive Rates of PayExcellent Vocational TrainingWork for a Growing, Family Run Care GroupCareer Progression through Internal PromotionIf you are a contientious, caring person with a passion for providing the highest levels of service and care we would love to hear from you.Please browse our current job vacancies on your right to find the right job for you now.Thanks
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
THE COMPANY: FlashFunders (#URL_e3b6d99b3442da190b75a52397dfcbed486fa7a5ea8b8fd653d8ad070d0d6065#) FlashFunders is an online equity-funding platform that empowers entrepreneurs with the tools and resources they need to raise capital from family, friends and angel investors in exchange for equity in an efficient, cost effective and compliant manner. With the backing of great partners we are assembling a world-class team to tackle the future of capital formation. HOW IT WORKS: FlashFunders provides startups with free template investment documents and a platform to publicly market their offerings to receive investments from accredited investors (which FlashFunders' verifies). Flashfunders also provides assistance with all closing procedures once a startup is funded (such as issuing shares, filing forms, etc.). The best part about FlashFunders is there's no cost for a startup to create and market an offering — FlashFunders’ business model is predicated on receiving the right to invest at the same terms as all other investors. Highlights…FlashFunders is currently the only FINRA registered Broker-Dealer that is licensed to transact equity securities on the web.Backed by Europlay Capital Advisors (ECA), founded by Mark Dyne (original investor in Skype) and Stubbs Alderton &amp; Markiles, LLP (legal team for Beats, LinkedIn and Skype).We are live and already have a number of successful offerings: Swapt, Swggr, The Influential Network,iGovern.On a lighter note, we’re pretty good at PingPong (LAPingPong).
IntelliBright was created to leverage enterprise level online business practices to generate exclusive leads on behalf of our medium and small business clients across a wide variety of verticals. Our founder comes from a background where websites and online marketing programs utilize advanced analytics and conversion tactics to maximize revenue. Outside of these competitive industries, though, it’s rare to see the effective use of analytics and optimization that is the hallmark of a successful online marketing strategy.On a local level the use of these business practices is even rarer. Our team of highly skilled search engine optimization specialists is here to bring a system of measurable results (leads and sales) to boost your website’s success. To complement our organic website efforts we employ the most talented experts from their respective fields (SEO, SEM, Website and Graphic Design, Development, Analytics) to implement a digital marketing strategy designed to increase market share and deliver the highest level of performance in relation to revenue generation on behalf of our clients.What truly sets us apart is our consultative nature.  All businesses are not equal.  We work with our clients to improve their internal business processes to increase lead conversions.  Our clients truly love us.  Join us and you'll see why.
Entertainment everywhere.  Operating under the StarzPlay brand, Playco Ltd., delivers a premium video-on-demand service.  We believe that the home entertainment experience should be available for everyone everywhere. We bridge our cutting-edge technology with in-demand TV series, top quality movies, and a large range of children's programming to reinvent, redefine &amp; shape the viewing experience. Our site allows subscribing users to access premium entertainment content from across the globe. Gone are the days of waiting an entire season to watch your favorite series, as viewers will have access to in-demand, exclusive day-and-date premieres, along with a large selection of movies and box office releases.Playco is currently present in 2 continents with plans to become increasingly global. We encourage and support our employees who wish to relocate to other Playco offices, as we believe that international mobility strengthens and shapes the international culture of Playco.Learn more about us on LinkedIn Do you have what it takes to work with us?Self-startersCreative thinkersProblem-solvers (not problem-identifiers)Affinity for working in teams Sense of humor A MUST!A fine appreciation of TV and film (we might ask for a detailed list)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Cardback (#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#) is all set to change the way you use your credit, debit, prepaid and loyalty cards. Our mission is to enable you to choose the best card amongst the ones you hold, just before you're about to make a payment - be it for shopping, eating out, getting your car refuelled, paying your telephone or utility bills, shopping online, or anything else. The result is that you end up saving money every time you make a payment, either instantaneously or in the coming days and weeks.Cardback is currently available for Android as an app that shows you offers and rewards on your cards, without asking for any card numbers. It can be downloaded from here: go.#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#/1laIVgBOur founding team consists of Ivy league grads and people who've done hardcore technology stuff and led teams at the world's best companies. Plus, we're well funded with investments from some of India's most prolific and respected angel investors.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Pronto delivers breakfast, lunch and dinner to our customers in under 15 minutes. We are all about healthier, wholesome food. Stuff you can live off. We want our customers to be able to rely on Pronto, instead of their kitchen.Take a look at our site or apps and you will quickly get the idea:web: #URL_406fdb6cf1b1038efc9acb81538e7f5f04406a66516ee679bf344b284802bf66#iOS: #URL_cdcec40f1a88767bcdc082d45b036892505a7d74a04a98ea52ac624998fc8558#android: #URL_ddc22050c6528c6940d2d3d71e46c619ae9a84728d1adec921a250af8273029e#?id=#URL_c0a6ac4cc052decf984f5a9586bc6629ed5081854076c64a81868d5ac6ff51cd#&amp;hl=enfacebook: #URL_17191a6729d4b01d2b3df00ec2fdc74a567c1b02f0934e3aae93faac57c37942#twitter: #URL_bd4c786c2cf405a326863499f85ca7629c325a149d04cb42021aeb733999fa50#pinterest: #URL_018dc718f44e6a8cfc0e9b5afaf50e8d7b2faf75c6fd207035ca99dd28cc06ed#We aim to be serving tens of thousands of high quality, healthier meals on-demand in the centre of London every day. To do this we are looking for able delivery drivers that want an incredible challenge; that wants to help take Pronto from a small kitchen in Aldgate East to several kitchens across London in the coming 2-4 months.
JUICE Mobile is an award-winning mobile advertising and technology firm solely dedicated to growing and monetizing the mobile advertising market. JUICE Mobile is a privately held company that was founded in 2010 in response to the rapid growth and adoption of mobile devices. While other firms simply "add" mobile to their online ad offerings, JUICE Mobile creates connected solutions that encompass the best in technology and brands. JUICE Mobile is completely independent which allows us to provide solutions that best serve our client’s needs. JUICE Mobile launched Nectar™ in February 2013 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. As the world's first programmatic direct platform built specifically for mobile, Nectar offers both advertisers and publishers an alternative to present day mobile exchanges. Nectar’s vision is to combine the efficiency and scale of real-time buying (RTB) with the control and guarantee of direct buying. Through automation, Nectar reduces the forty step RFP process to five simple steps - completely changing the media buying landscape. Experts at JUICE Mobile possess over 15 years of digital, marketing, social and mobile experience. Notable achievements include winning the Most Promising Digital Media Company at the 2012 Digi Awards and Silver at the 2012 CMA Awards for the Global TV "Touch" phone skipping campaign.
With over 1,300 investment professionals located throughout the United States and Canada, Marcus &amp; Millichap (NYSE: MMI) is a  leading specialist in commercial real estate investment sales, financing, research and advisory services. Founded in 1971, the firm closed over 6,600  transactions in 2013 with a value of approximately $24 billion.Marcus &amp; Millichap has been a pioneer in the real estate investment industry and has established a reputation for maximizing value for its clients while fostering long-term relationships built on integrity, trust and service. The company has perfected a powerful system for marketing properties that combines investment specialization, local market expertise, the industry's most comprehensive research, state-of-the-art technology, and relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors. Marcus &amp; Millichap also offers clients access to the most competitive real estate financing through Marcus &amp; Millichap Capital Corporation (MMCC), which maintains relationships with the industry's leading national, regional and local lenders.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
About Us.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
MSPS is an award-winning Integrated Marketing and Sales Services Agency that consists of talented, fun and creative individuals.We bring brands and people together using strategic thinking, campaign planning and multi-discipline expertise.Our innovative ideas make brands meaningful to consumers and for this reason MSPS becomes a valuable "partner" to its clients.Simply put, we work everyday on creating the best next thing that could happen to our clients.
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
#URL_74b75fb23d13838a3ff8f0791ac10c0214373b0e1c19fba51b645299f1a93e4f#-#URL_ea402424f393dce30b3d3bde1a0e6ba5dbf6b8238cb12b90f17efde44530fde9#  is an Online Teaching Platform. Online teaching platforms are a great way for students and teachers to find one another. A third party website allows students to create a profile listing their educational needs, and teachers can create a profile with their teaching services. The website than makes it easy for teachers to connect with potential students, with ways to build an online profile with a strong reputation as well as advertisements for teachers to display their teaching. Teachers can spend less time on marketing their services, and more time teaching online. They can simply sign up and will be easily connected with students who need help learning a subject. The website will take care of the rest, from managing the services to helping the teachers connect with the students. One of the biggest barriers for teachers to teach online is not knowing how to get started. Many teachers would be willing to tutor or teach online if they did not have to invest a great deal of their time in getting started. That is why you can use #URL_74b75fb23d13838a3ff8f0791ac10c0214373b0e1c19fba51b645299f1a93e4f#-#URL_ea402424f393dce30b3d3bde1a0e6ba5dbf6b8238cb12b90f17efde44530fde9# and make your online experience easy.
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
About The Symicor Group:Bankers Recruiting Bankers - The Symicor Group is a boutique bank-only talent acquisition firm based in Chicago. Our nationally unique value proposition centers around providing the very best available banking talent to our valued clients...from a banker's perspective. In fact, most of our recruiters are former bankers themselves! We know banking and how to evaluate the very best banking talent available in the market. Whether you are a bank candidate seeking a new opportunity or a bank president trying to fill an essential position, The Symicor Group stands ready to deliver premium results for you. View all jobs at this company |  View company website
A Hotel Digital Marketing AgencyWe are a smart, connected and nimble new agency; a cutting-edge collective of hospitality pioneers, experienced consultants and digital marketing visionaries. Our unwavering goal is to increase your revenues quickly and substantially, through innovative digital marketing strategies, providing direct online channel strategic advice and unique website design. We help hoteliers take full advantage of the direct online channel and turn their websites into the hotel’s main and most-effective distribution channel. Hotel Gene provides hoteliers with expert advice, concrete recommendations, and sensible solutions to critical Internet-related issues that are crucial for the very existence of your hotel company.Hotel Gene is a boutique company driven by a group of passionate and dedicated professionals.Working with us is being part of team that aims to bring out the best of everyone for everyone with everyone.  Achieving your or your team’s goals should mean a hell of a fun time and happy people. We grow, learn and help each other as company to become the best of best and be recognized for that.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
Moxie Labs is a venture-backed startup making cloud-based recruitment software for fast-growing companies around the world. We're looking for people who want to change the way companies and people meet each other.Life at Moxie LabsAt Moxie Labs we are creating an environment that has all the excitement and intellectual stimulation of a startup, minus the fads and pretension. We don't work 80-hour weeks, but we do work in an efficient and disciplined manner. We don't have ninjas and rock stars, we have people who are outstanding at what they do. We don't think it's old fashioned to have a sensible business model and we enjoy working with smart people.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Since 1973: Working together to make our community healthyGood health means more than just treating people when they are sick. Problems like poverty, addiction, and family violence can bring on illness – or keep people from getting well. At Sandy Hill Community Health Centre, we treat illness when it arises. We also work hard to create a healthy community, so that people stay well and get the most out of life, and we believe in:integrity | respect | equity | collaboration | empathy-------------------------------------------------------------------------------By applying to the posting I hereby acknowledge that the information I provide will be collected by #URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02# under the terms of their privacy policy http://#URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02#/privacy . Candidates, when hired by SHCHC as employees will provide data in under a separate process and be subject to SHCHC's Privacy and Confidentiality policies and procedures.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Depuis 1973: Travailler ensemble pour une communauté en santéUne bonne santé signifie plus que de soigner les gens lorsqu'ils sont malades. Des problèmes comme la pauvreté, la dépendance, la violence familiale peuvent causer la maladie – ou empêcher les gens de se rétablir. Au Centre de santé communautaire Côte de sable, nous traitons la maladie lorsqu'elle se présente. En plus, nous travaillons fort pour créer une communauté bien portante, pour que les gens restent en bonne santé et profitent de la vie au maximum, et nous croyons dans:l'intégrité | le respect | l'équité | la collaboration| l'empathie-------------------------------------------------------------------------------En posant ma candidature pour cette offre d’emploi, je reconnais que les renseignements que je fournis seront recueillis par #URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02# et traités conformément à sa politique de confidentialité : http://#URL_3c6b46782f8bf4c402537a5580ce452d1391bb2140bbd3533f0546551d2dea02#/privacy. Les candidats embauchés par le CSCCS fourniront d’autres renseignements qui seront traités en vertu d’un processus distinct et sujets aux politiques et aux marches à suivre du CSCCS en matière de confidentialité et de protection des renseignements personnels.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our name is not in this ad to prevent us from showing up in Google indexing under our company name, which would then let our existing and potential clients know how much commission we all make. What a disaster that would be. Wouldn't you agree? But once we give you our name and you check us out you will see that we are the real deal.
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
S2scout, is a Pittsburgh-based talent aquisition firm providing services to small, medium, and large organizations across several industries.S2scout is comprised of seasoned recruiters, A.K.A. “Scouts”, who are dedicated to helping clients AND candidates find the right talent or opportunity without wasting their time.Our dedication to providing clients AND candidates with fresh talent or unique opportunities is in the “S2scout” name. “S2” is the military term for intelligence. “Scout”, by definition, is a person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the target's position, strength and movementOur recruiters don’t sit and wait for candidates to come to them, our Scouts are in front of the search utilizing tactics that are…well…CLASSIFIED.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
RhodeCode provides the leading source code management solution for enterprises. We are powering the world`s largest organizations, who depend on our products to make their software development process more flexible, collaborative, productive &amp; secure.Every day millions of developers, project managers and QA engineers are using our innovative software which plays a central role in their work life.Our company core values are about questioning the existing, being open &amp; delivering just the absolutely outstanding.Everyone who is with us is an expert in his/her field of expertise, works in a small team of other gifted A-players and helps to achieve the team's mission. Everyone takes full responsibility for his/her work, is treated with respect and management is just there to remove blockers. No committees, no micromanagement, just the focus on delivering the outstanding.Help us to make the world better for millions of people. Have a real impact. Apply today!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
CallCentre People Recruitment is recognised as being specialists within the CallCentre industry.  We provide permanent, temporary, contract and management staff for a number of large national and multi-national businesses in various industries.
Our team is made of designers, physics wizards, educators, writers, musicians, and illustrators. We work together to build elegantly engineered iOS apps that incite wonder in curious kids over the globe.Small teams mean you get a real say in how we solve problems, with plenty of autonomy. We have an ambitious product line-up, but we also understand the importance of work-life balance. We offer a flexible office environment, competitive salaries, and monthly team outings. We also include health care benefits (medical, dental, vision) and vacation for full-time employees.If you love pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with mobile devices, spinning interactive stories, and collaborating on creative projects, you’ll fit right in.
Sytrics is a start-up venture of a group of consulting engineers advising leading race car teams from various universities &amp; institutes to enhance their knowledge regarding vehicle design, development &amp; project management through innovative solutions in a cost controlled efficient manner.We facilitate our expertise in the field of design related projects to leverage your potential. Our in-depth knowledge and experience in product life-cycle management helps you to optimize each aspect of product development to ensure you get maximum value.Sytrics has been at the forefront of Inspiring Innovations, since its inception in 2010.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
EatAds is a global platform business, like #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# or #URL_5b04abc806bc1d9e9b9491c41c8b2d7557455714849cfbdd9401b1094f5be684#, but instead for the global Out-of-Home media industry. We're based in Sinagpore and India and we're growing fast. The Founders are all experienced entrepreneurs, backed by some of the most experienced digital investors in India and Singapore. This $33b industry has been lacking a platform, and thus we help both buyers and sellers leverage the benefits of a platform for the first time. We're initially focussing on South Asia and South-East Asia although already have users from outside these regions.EatAds is similar to #URL_f012da9e26184dad52230f43da2d165067791f2b862a7742876a8d0d5a208119# (USA), #URL_3613edc46487e81246859966aee52388d9ea323d632a9cb699c3aa877db2cf9a# (Singapore) or #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# (India); both in model and technology. EatAds not only provides vendors a platform to list their sites, but also a raft of workflow solutions to manage their inventory, undertake mobile site monitoring and many more. All of these process have been occurring manually until now. For buyer we create a more efficient process to discover, plan, research, buy and sell Out-of-Home (OOH) media. EatAds is subscription model.  In addition to a listing and lead generation platform EatAds also provides (either directly or via integration) a raft of cloud-based workflow solutions for all stages of the Out-of-Home media value chain. We take no commission and are designed for fast growth.
Elite Environmental Group LLC. Provides staffing services and temporary employment opportunities for a wide range of clients, from business owners in search of employees, to candidates in search of employment in the Environmental, and Construction industry.
MISSION:GoldLeaf HomeCare is revolutionizing home care by making our CarePartners top priority. GoldLeaf fully loves,honors and serves its CarePartners so they will offer the same to every Client. Placing People before profit is our guiding commitment that allows GoldLeaf to foster greater individual independences and the optimal quality of life for our Clients.This is our mission at GoldLeaf HomeCare. We are a very different medical and non-medical home health company - we pray together, we care for each other both professionally &amp; personally. Don't take our word for it, ask our team of CarePartners! GoldLeaf is a family of people who love others &amp; honor God (you don't have to be Christian or even religious!). We need experienced &amp; energetic Caregivers and CNAs to Join our Care Partner Team! 
airfy prägt sicheres und einfach zu bedienendes Kunden WLAN für Unternehmen. Werde Teil eines stetig wachsenden Unternehmens und genieße eine produktive Arbeitsumgebung mit hochtalentierten, offenen und dynamischen Kollegen.Du hast bei uns die Möglichkeit von Anfang an selbstständig zu arbeiten, Verantwortung zu übernehmen und uns tatkräftig bei der Erreichung unserer Ziele zu unterstützen: WLAN everywhere for everyone.
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
Work at dxwdxw works exclusively with the public sector to create exemplary digital services, using agile, user-centred methodologies. Since we were founded in 2008, we’ve delivered lots of great projects, from informational and consultation sites to transactional customer services and collaborative intranets.For the right people we offer a 10am start, limitless coffee and SodaStream, a shiny new Mac to work on, and a pleasant team of geeks to work with. We’ve got a nice office near the Hallowed Roundabout, with wooden floors and space invaders on the walls, a coffee machine that makes Inception noises and lots of tasty lunch that’s minutes away. We’ve all got our own interests and specialisms, but we’re brought together by a desire to build good stuff. The atmosphere in the office is relaxed but focused, with an irreverent sense of humour and a minor caffeine dependency.We think that the best projects need the best people, and good people are hard to come by. If you’re interested in any of these roles, we’d love to hear from you. There’s no closing date for applications: posts stay open for as long as it takes us to find the right person. If you think that might be you, get in touch quickly!
At McLane Intel, we believe that everyone should love where they work! We understand that our ongoing success is attributed to our remarkable staff. We are a company that promotes career growth, ongoing learning, and professional development for all of our employees.We have a wide range of positions throughout the company and accept and support a broad array of applicants—from recent graduates to seasoned professionals. If you are willing to follow our company values, enjoy learning new skills, and plan to succeed in your career—we want you to apply.Here are a few things we offer that others often don’t:Autonomy – We offer a management team that treats their employees with respect and values their input, along with a team of skilled technicians that put their teammates above themselves.Mastery &amp; Growth – We promote from within and work each one of our technicians to help them get certifications and rise in the tiers experience.Purpose – We have a mission and a culture that every employee is strongly invested in working towards because we hand-picked people that love what they do. It’s the difference between people in a row boat rowing as they see fit, and people rowing the same direction.Benefits – Our benefits are some of the best around. We have awesome health insurance and a great PTO policy. We have an Awesome Teammate Bonus, where employees nominate other employees weekly. Each full-time employee has a monthly personal and team bonus with specific targets for performance, so you always know how you’re doing.A bit more about what we do:McLane Intelligent Solutions (MIS) is fast-growing and dynamic managed services provider located in Bell county in Central Texas. We provide a broad range of outsourced IT including design, installation, support, maintenance and consulting services to the SMB market. We have a rising need for smart, talented, hard-working, and capable team members who love challenges, want to know they are making a difference every day, and want to join a fast-paced, demanding and fun team of professionals.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
MERL's internship program gives students excellent opportunities to work in an industrial research lab environment side-by-side with world-class researchers.A primary intent of the program is to provide interns with experience that could help them enhance and accelerate their professional career, while also contributing to new or ongoing initiatives at MERL. Interns will be exposed to relevant industrial problems ranging from speculative and exploratory research to more practical engineering tasks. We hope that all interns have a chance to become familiar with our organization and the open research culture at MERL, produce publishable work, and develop an appreciation for how breakthrough research makes an impact on future products.MERL considers graduate students from all over the world. As many of our projects benefit from specialized knowledge in a given field, graduate students pursuing a Ph.D. typically fill the majority of internship openings.The duration of a typical internship varies from 3 months to 1 year, with the majority of interns being employed during the summer months. As the summer is a very busy time, we encourage applications for non-summer internships and also prefer early applications for summer internships. Hiring decisions for the summer are typically made around February/March to allow enough time for any necessary paperwork (such as visa applications or other work eligibility forms) to be completed.
We believe cities are complicated. And your mobile device should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.We're a small dedicated team based somewhere in London with backgrounds in transport, Google, apps, design, investing and academia. We're venture capital backed by a number of fancy pants investors including Balderton Capital, Index Ventures, Greylock Partners, Connect Ventures as well as some angels.We're motivated by solving hard fundamental everyday problems that improve the quality of people's lives. We like simplifying complexity, reinventing user experience, working with data, shipping fast, and humanising a serious space.We're hiring now!
SaaS Startup in SEO field, making a lightweight SEO Tool to be used by any marketer, SEO specialist or entrepreneur.
Community Action Partnership of Ramsey &amp; Washington Counties (Community Action) was established in 1964 as a program of the War on Poverty. Community Action Agencies became the service delivery arm of the Federal Office of Economic Opportunity. As the only continuously funded anti-poverty program in the country, our mission is to reduce poverty and its impact on people in Ramsey and Washington counties.Community Action is involved in grassroots public policy and community engagement activities, such as voter registration drives, legislative hearings, advocacy and education activities. 
Hy-Safe Technology provides Turnkey fall protection solutions through innovative design, total dedication to customer service, and a complete range of fall protection equipment. With more than 75 years comprehensive experience, Hy-Safe Technology's knowledgeable sales staff and internal designers will propose a completely integral, cost effective solution in order to create a fall-arrest system that satisfies all safety requirements.  As a leader in the fall protection industry, Hy-Safe has been an active member of the American Society of Safety Engineers (ASSE) Z359 committee for years.As a member of the Fall Protection Association family, Hy-Safe offers a complete range of services including:Fall Protection Risk AssessmentFall  Protection System Design Fall Protection System EngineeringFall Arrest Component TestingFall Protection TrainingFall Protection Equipment CertificationSafety Equipment InstallationFall Arrest Component FabricationEducation and the proper application of technology are vital in any endeavor. Education takes us beyond ourselves and broadens our horizons, allowing us to solve problems and make decisions effectively. Every day we apply technology to our problems and meet our challenges with solutions. In order to meet the strenuous demands of the safety industry, we provide a workforce with the urgency to develop cutting edge solutions. We pride ourselves in making a difference in solving fall protection challenges.MissionHy-Safe provides the highest level of safety standards by formulating creative integrated fall protection solutions. VisionHy-Safe incorporates every aspect of team to produce the highest quality Fall Protection products available. Our focus is to build the future today and take hold to make a difference tomorrow.ValuesAs a community, Hy-Safe's values are:Accountability for the integrity of the companyCommitment of every team memberCreating the highest quality customer service we can provide
The Edge is a multicultural ministry committed to reaching the urban/ hip-hop culture in mind, body and spirit. The Edge was planted by Kentwood Community Church in the fall of 2009. It was planted as a missions church to reach people from all walks of life who are looking for hope and a future. Our community has become family for many in our context. Our high energy Saturday night Sessions are filled with hip-hop and R&amp;B music, authentic people and fellowship. Our location has become a second home for many and our building is open most days of the week to the entire community. We hold Bible studies, tutor each other, work in the music studio, a video production room and just hang out together to watch movies. Over the past three years, we have seen unbelievable social and spiritual change occurring in the lives of those who attend our church and community ministries. Over the past three years, hundreds of people have come to know Jesus as Lord as a result of what God is doing in the midst of The Edge.
WDM Group is an innovative, forward thinking digital company aimed at bringing business executives up-to-date with the latest news, information and trends from across the globe.Aimed at informing, engaging, educating and interacting with business executives the world over, WDM Group’s products takes an in-depth look at inter-country relations, trade and tourism, prominent industries, success stories and lessons to be learned in business.With a physical presence in many of the world’s largest economies, WDM Group is abreast with news and developments occurring around the clock. We aim to keep our ears to the ground and our fingers on the pulse to bring busy executives a breakdown of the biggest and most interesting updates from across the world’s largest and most influential territories and industries.With WDM Group you don’t just read the news, you make it.
Makers Academy trains people to become the world's best junior software developers
Bonsey Jaden is a new partnership between award-winning Singapore agency Bonsey Design, and Sydney-based creatives The Jaden Group.Collectively, Bonsey Jaden has more than 20 years' experience servicing SME’s and top tier global brands across many different industries.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
Lessard Design is an international architecture and planning firm committed to creating environments that inspire connection, collaboration, community and commerce. Located in metropolitan Washington, DC, we also have offices in Italy, India, and New York. Chris Lessard's award winning designs have been featured in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Urban Land Magazine, American Builders Quarterly, Design, Develop &amp; Construct Journal, Builder Magazine, Building Design &amp; Construction, Professional Builder and Remodeler, Multifamily Trends, Green Business Quarterly and Inform Architecture &amp; Design. Our understanding of global cultures is translated through design that is sensitive to cultural geographies, communities, traditions and values. Lessard firm leaders have experience working in nearly 20 countries with projects in the Americas, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. Lessard’s diverse international team provides the expertise to manage clients through all design phases – from feasibility, strategy and through construction.
United Lawnscape, Inc. sets the standard in the green industry. Our commitment and passion for the outdoor environments of the American landscape generate our drive to provide the highest level of craftsmanship with honesty and integrity. The United Lawnscape team is vigilant in our goals of harnessing imagination, creativity and value by delivering those qualities to our customers with high regards toward quality and safety. It is imperative for us to be a national leader in the development and maintenance of the communities in which we live.
Southern Cloud help you monetize your content through ad insertions and incremental subscription model without the cost and complexity of in-house development. Our solution enables your subscribers’ to watch your TV channels on any of their Internet connected devices. The solution combines the robust Southern Cloud platform with valued added components and services to provide everything needed to operate rich, branded, and valuable TV everywhere experience. We are able to create Apps for your channel in Samsung SmartTV, Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Xbox, LG, Google TV, Roku, Sony Playstation, Yahoo Connected TV, Western Digital, Roku, Netgear NeoTV and other platforms.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
The Boston Consulting Group (#URL_45423e1e16703aa4d8ee444d3ad69bb51525f1dad0b3115713cf80dc496299e2#) has launched a new digital business, BCG Digital Ventures (#URL_4968ff917b2cf554a3e92b004e0c92d03e4c10730070a0df7e84f0d3db806e53#) - a digital innovation, product development, and commercialization firm.  This first-of-its-kind firm will bring unique capabilities to create and grow disruptive digital products and platforms.  BCG Digital Ventures goes beyond providing consulting, design, and technology services to form strategic venture teams with its clients in order to rapidly develop, launch and grow transformational digital products, platforms and businesses.The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world's leading advisor on business strategy.  BCG partners with clients from the private, public and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises.BCG was founded in 1963 and is a privately owned firm with more than 7,000 employees across 81 offices in 45 countries.  Integrity, respect for the individual, delivering value, and making an impact on society are just some of BCG's core values. BCG's commitment to both their clients' success and their own standards is what sets BCG apart as a world-class professional services organization.
Who are Duco?We are a modern software company enabling financial services firms to control complex data using light-touch, self-service technology. We are shaping the core of new, efficient operations with customers on the sell side, buy side and major service providers.Why Duco?We make use of the latest technologies and the power of automation to punch above our weight.  We're growing fast but we're still small enough for you to make an outsized impact on the team and shape your role over time.We recruit for the A-team only, work in an Agile fashion and deliver a product and service that the industry loves.  You will define the tools you need to best do your job.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
MarkaVIP is the leading online fashion destination in the Middle East and North Africa. We build and curate amazing products and services for families that appreciate fine name brands at a reasonable price. Our team of talented stylists, technologists and creatives are leading the way in customer experience and innovative online retail solutions.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Reinventing the specialty mortgage servicing process by providing the highest level of customer service to our clients, we are dedicated to high-touch servicing through a combination of process efficiency, innovative technology, and employee expertise.The ClearSpring team has decades of hands-on expertise in the mortgage and financial industries.  Our onsite advisors are trained to have a deep knowledge of specific loan types, your mortgage parameters, and can help with any questions you may have regarding our system or your loan.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
ValleySoft is a fast growing global IT Services &amp; Solutions company based in Silicon Valley, USA . At ValleySoft, we strongly believe that excellence in services to Client is not a singular act, but a habit. We make earnest effort in our constant endeavor to redefine this habit and take it to the next higher level. Our long standing, time tested experience, which span across domains, is a source of strength as it helps us effectively leverage our experience to add value to our Clients' business needs and processes. Our growth has been powered by our consultative approach, our deep understanding of business and technology, our passion for innovation - and above all, our integrity.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
 In 1959 Edward Miller recognized the need for a high quality, reliable manufacturing partner in the marketplace. He took a one person operation, started in his garage, and launched Prince Industries into a globally recognized premier designer, engineer and manufacturer of precision machined and sheet metal fabricated components and hydraulics. At Prince Industries, we embrace the challenges of today’s rapidly changing global manufacturing marketplace and are prepared to meet the most demanding applications from our customer, including small/mid-size runs, JIT components and high volume production. Today we continue to hire smart, passionate, and forward thinking problem solvers like Edward Miller.  Our culture demands our employees to be of the utmost in character, highly-responsible, accountable, results oriented, with a focus on continual improvement in all that they do. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Why work with tapely#URL_60bf3d0de1168dd72ed6cdab35c6587b9d4c85a32dd71111ecb0b67e247fd675# is an online startup that allows music lovers to share music in a beautiful and personal way.We’re engineers and designers, analytical and creative, but - above all - we’re music fans. We believe that the way we currently share music online is seriously flawed. And we would like to change this by building a platform for music lovers to express themselves and their taste in music. We need your help to make this happen.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
Ambir is a different kind of company and we are proud of that. Our growing team consists of experienced, intelligent and ambitious individuals, who are committed to developing a sphere of positive influence with our clients, and in our community. We are currently seeking highly enthusiastic, positive and self motivated consultants who care about people and want to be part of a different kind of company. The successful candidates have successful track record as a consulting practitioner, have a reputation as a leader amongst their peers, in their field and in their community and are ready for the next stage of their career journey.   You might want to work with us if you like the following:A company that balances profit and the common good;A group of people who are passionate about our team, our clients, and our families;A company focused on embracing the local – and global – community we are part of, fostering pride in our accomplishments and rewarding our hard work;A company that values “work-life integration” our objective to enable team members to fully ‘live’ each day; andA place where people can achieve life goals. This transcends the business of work alone… in the belief that happy, contented people will make more meaningful contributions in their lives to their families, their clients and their colleagues and friends. Ambir was recently recognized as the #3 Best Place to Work in Canada, by the Great Place to Work Institute Canada. Ambir was recognized twice as “The #1 Best Place to Work in Atlantic Canada” by Progress Magazine, and ranked nationally as one of Canada’s Top 25 Up and Comers in recent Branham Group Surveys of ICT Companies. Ambir maintains offices in Saint John, Fredericton and Moncton; New Brunswick, St. John’s, Newfoundland and Labrador, and Halifax; Nova Scotia.  
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
VENTURE Credit Union Cooperative Society Limited is a member-owned credit union based in Trinidad and Tobago. We are committed to good governance, improvement in the economic well-being of our members, and the transformation of the credit union movement, while fulfilling our responsibility to our various publics. Our human resources are of strategic importance to us and we are invested in the development of our team members. We are looking for smart, focused professionals who share our vision and want to grow in a dynamic organisation.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Joist is a platform for trades contractors that allows them to estimate, invoice, accept payments, &amp; much more!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Daily Secret is the fastest growing digital media brand for young and affluent professionals around the world. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Daily Secret has offices in Athens, Greece and New York and is widely considered an innovator in premium content production. Since its launch in 2010, Daily Secret has organically grown to over 1.5 million subscribers, delivering international reach on an unprecedented scale.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Elite Environmental Group LLC. Provides staffing services and temporary employment opportunities for a wide range of clients, from business owners in search of employees, to candidates in search of employment in the Environmental, and Construction industry.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
A startup aiming to change the way parents and kids experience urban life
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
SilverStripe CMS &amp; Framework is an open source platform of web development tools. The platform is curated by SilverStripe, an international web development company and supported by a vibrant online community. We take pride in being a locally owned New Zealand company, founded by three people passionate about the limitless possibilities of the web. They share a vision - to reshape business through the web. Top developersSilverStripe is one of New Zealand’s top developers of websites and web applications. We’ve been in business since 2000 and in that time we’ve gone from strength to strength. Our technical expertise has earned us a solid reputation around the world and because of the leading edge work we do, we are able to attract and retain a wide range of talented and dedicated people from within New Zealand and abroad.Open sourceWe are strong advocates of open source software. Our flagship product, SilverStripe Content Management System (CMS), is a free, open source download, alongside SilverStripe Framework, the powerful core underpinning the CMS. We have seen strong growth in adoption of our software around the globe. Many of our larger customers are now developing unique and novel solutions on top of SilverStripe and are integrating our software deep into their own product offerings.Core values &amp; kick ass cultureYou will be working alongside super smart designers, developers and project managers. They’ll share their love of the craft with you and help you grow your skills. There are plenty of opportunities for learning — we pay for developers to attend the usual range of conferences and meetups, and we hold our own internal monthly Hack Day and Show &amp; Tell talks.SilverStripe is big on things like building trusting relationships, sharing ideas, being open, using technology to solve important problems, and helping others reach their goals. We actively foster a culture that supports these core values. Our culture kicks ass.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Founded in 1974 in Canada, and in 1985 in the U.S. as a specialty engineering and contracting company, Landmark works throughout North America, with principal offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Toronto, and Chicago.  We are committed to growth through leveraging our core competencies in planning, engineering and construction excellence, cooperative project execution, and client service with expansion into new markets involving water, energy, and the environment.
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Crossroads Staffing dedicates a significant amount of time getting to know clients and candidates alike to ensure an excellent match. We are proud of the hands on service we provide, not only to our clients, but also our employees. We focus on building meaningful, lasting relationships with the most qualified candidates, which translates to familiar faces you can trust on your assignments. We have positions available from Anaheim, CA all the way to Santa Barbara, CA. We also have recently been hired by a Property Management Company located in Las Vegas.
Vayu builds affordable unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for healthcare supply chain management and post-disaster aid delivery.Currently, healthcare providers and disaster relief responders depend on costly, slow, and unreliable transportation by motorcycles, cars, and trucks to serve remote communities. One billion people live all or part of the year without access to all-weather roads. Vayu's UAVs will provide affordable, fast, and reliable delivery of vital goods to these isolated areas, both on a regular basis and in times of crisis.Our offices are in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA and New Delhi, India.
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
Adthena is the UK’s leading competitive intelligence service for Google search advertisers. Adthena is loved by major brands and digital agencies alike and provides a great opportunity to work in the high growth adtech space. Our patent-pending technologies provide unparalleled accuracy for clients to understand their competitors’ keywords, budgets, spend, CPCs, Adcopy and more. We're profitable, fast growing and love what we do.
Making getting ready a whole lot easier, GLAMSQUAD is an app-based beauty provider delivering professional and affordable beauty services to the home or office. The team of experienced hair stylists and make-up artists are hand-picked and expertly trained undergoing extensive proprietary training and character-assessment techniques to guarantee consistent, high quality results and a positive stylist experience with every appointment. With personalized, one on-one consultations and a signature range of inspirational looks, GLAMSQUAD offers clients the full celebrity-experience, helping them look and feel their best. Currently operating in New York and Los Angeles, the company plans to debut in other cities soon.
Commonwealth Capital, LLC is a small business located in Lakeville. We have owned and operated various businesses in the south Metro area for more than 35 years. We are in our fourth year of operation as a factoring company.Commonwealth Capital, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion, nation origin, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, veteran status, sexual orientation or preference, or physical or mental disability. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We launched Involvio as students at Drexel University in Philadelphia out of our frustration that keeping track of events happening on campus was just too hard - we knew there must have been a better way, but there wasn’t, so we built it!We took the top prize upon graduating from the GE/OMD Incubator program in New York City and have since grown by leaps and bounds. Our product is used by thousands of students on campuses across the US and Canada. Our team is laser focused on building tools that boost student engagement.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Diagnostic Health deploy and manage high quality sonographers to provide the NHS with a single, unified and trusted service.Diagnostic Health specialise in providing a range of ultrasound services and solutions to NHS Trusts requiring extra capacity.  We work closely with our sonographers, maintaining positive relationships and working together to achieve the shared goal of supporting the need to develop improved access to diagnostic tests and reducing waiting times
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
Startup Institute is the #1 career accelerator, offering transformative educational experiences for career changers and recent grads that combine hard skills with cultural acumen to drastically increase the velocity and impact of startup employees THROUGHOUT THEIR CAREER. We cultivate the human capital high-growth companies need to succeed.
The Learning Lab develops and runs premier educational programs in English, Mathematics and Science at the pre-primary, primary, secondary and junior college levels.Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take pride in nurturing the next generation of leaders by cultivating each student’s unique talents and abilities, while helping them reach and surpass their academic goals.Our students undertake an exciting learning journey that is fun, enriching and horizon-expanding.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Openfund is a seed investment fund, working with technology companies that deliver innovative software products.Our portfolio companies are growing fast, constantly creating jobs that offer intellectual challenge, great career potential and exposure to world-class work practices. Ambitious people with a passion for what they do and a commitment to make it happen are always in high demand.If you'd like to work for a startup, you're in the right place. Openfund portfolio founders keep an eye on applications submitted here to pick outstanding individuals for new hires they wish to make. If you think you have what it takes, check out our current openings.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNC’s for the past 12 years.We specialize in High end Recruitments in IT, Telecom, Embedded, Chip Design and Non-IT (Manufacturing, Engineering, Oil &amp; Gas, Infrastructure, BFSI,FMCG,Automobile,Aeronautics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Life-Sciences and Business Advisory) domains.We have a strong team of more than 100 employees operating from multiple offices in Bangalore located on HAL Airport Road.Visit us also at #URL_1722ee2d0bc47c66058101f0a811deb4a0991ebf80d1cadd752ef83c41ebfd15# , #URL_1bf25f25493e97bdc8354cb65991bb196949302fd5331c01b896c04df7c80783# , #URL_387f3642127667d307b8bfb226e4fb0d52ab6c3140cc7d544b8027e21c4fc3a5#
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
Somnoware is a software platform to manage sleep wellness for healthcare providers and their customers. It provides a single integrated platform for any stakeholder to use for screening, diagnosing, treating and tracking sleep health issues.We are on a mission to simplify sleep. Research studies conclude that better sleep is key to better health.  We believe the future of sleep wellness requires not increasingly complex and fragmented solutions but in a rather seamless platform that applies innovations found in the latest consumer technologies like itunes and facebook. Founded in late 2011, Somnoware is a young fast growing company based in Charlotte, NC with offices in Trivandrum and Chennai, India.    We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to revolutionize the path to better sleep health. Our vision is to fundamentally change how individuals measure, track and treat sleep. 
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Ahoy there adventurer! Join us aboard the good ship Locish as we bravely steer our beloved vessel across the ocean of ambition, and navigate the high seas of start-up culture…Locish is a mobile app that helps its users disovover new places, join discussions around them and share their stories.  So…what you waiting for? See how shipshape we are right now at #URL_2ec06ca8c69d6c5aafff682381c713ac492335f571c1545b2d4eb74f958c17d6#
Mobi2Go is an integrated online and mobile food ordering platform providing unique customer ordering solutions for the hospitality industry and facilitates millions of dollars a month in revenue for clients around the world and had processed over 2.5 million orders for the clients such of HELL Pizza, Habitual Fix and The Pita Pit and Burger Wisconsin. #URL_0276cb03b5d88c4139592252f3f622d9d90472729d3e227316d58d04754842da#The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forMobi2Go is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team punching above our weight on the global stage, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
HGS is a world leader in Customer Relationship and Business Process Management.  With a global footprint and an experience of over three decades, we have helped our clients deliver exceptional results.  We have developed and implemented some of the best-known processes and practices to deliver a comprehensive range of industry-specific solutions. Our operational excellence, combined with functional expertise, has made us the "Preferred Partner" for most of our clients.  We deliver seamless service to some of the world's most recognized brands out of and across North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
As one of the world’s leading staffing companies, our primary objective is clear-cut: To perfectly align the best people with appropriate positions for our clients everywhere. Every day, we talk to hiring managers, HR directors, procurement managers, and senior management to learn their needs. At the same time, we’re bringing in candidates and associates with a variety of skills and backgrounds, seeing how we can best put their skills to use.This happens in every Advantage office—in just about every industry—with a talent roster that includes engineers of all kinds, IT software, hardware and infrastructure, finance &amp; accounting professionals, clerical, light industrial, manufacturing and warehouse workers. In addition, Advantage helps businesses with some of their most critical day-to-day tasks, providing assistance with workforce consulting, management of payroll, procurement, recruitment outsourcing, and project management.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
Crest Financial is one of the leading privately held consumer financing companies in the United States. Crest blends the use of innovative technology with a simple to use application process to drive revenue for thousands of retailers. Retailers love our product and our people -- we are growing the business rapidly and we need more great people to join the team!
Aspex RecruitmentWe are a Fixed Fee Recruitment Company providing expert employment services throughout the UK. Being an independent we are able to tailor our services to our clients and candidates requirements. Delivering the highest level of personalised service within the permanent staffing arena.  Aspex Recruitment endeavour to provide a concise and professional recruitment service to each individual client, focusing on offering the best client and candidate experience within the recruitment and job hunting marketplaceCandidatesInclude helpful advice and guidance on how to perfect your CV.From clients and business partners we take full job specifications, including essential skills and requirements relating to your experience, desirable skills, education and qualifications along with the ideal candidate personality to match the company culture and environment. We will provide you with career guidance and support.We strive to ensure complete Client/Candidate satisfaction, through our ongoing involvement at every stage.ClientsWe understand our clients needs go beyond the simple fulfilment of a vacancy. As an independent agency, we can be more flexible and tailor our recruitment services to the client’s individual needs. We approach every vacancy as a truly constructive resourcing partner, providing professional advice and resource planning to ensure your recruitment process marks the beginning of a successful relationship.We have an impressive database of candidates on standby for interviews and ready for immediate starts.
QB Medical Inc. is a medical supply distributor located in Chula Vista, CA. Founded in 2005, we now services over 100 government-funded medical centers. QB Medical is passionate about discovering the most effective medical products for our military service members, veterans, government healthcare providers and patients.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Premise is building a novel information-gathering network on a global scale. The network harnesses the explosion in mobile technology, combined with sophisticated machine learning capabilities, to aggregate observations from users all around the world to deliver business, economic and human development data in real-time. We are growing the platform to sufficient scale where it will deliver any user-observable information on demand, whether that is the price of food staples at a Mumbai street market, or the length of a queue at a Walmart de México parking lot.We’re a fast-growing startup -- bolstered by the backing of significant ‘smart money,’ but still young enough such that you’ll be a core member of the team that is reinventing how the human race understands its own economic activity. We’re being helped in our mission by Silicon Valley’s most creative and disruptive investors: Social+Capital Partnership, Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz and Harrison Metal.Bottom line, this is an opportunity for someone who (1) wants to build something meaningful at a fast-growing and mission-driven startup, (2) wants to contribute to the amazing, messy evolution of the open-source ecosystem, and (3) actually cares about social good enough to make Premise a permanent part of their resume.Read more about Premise * TechCrunch: #URL_381f76dfce96ab77e6fe5181ebb500e6c1bcba003861c737f3c721b47d9a2b17# * New York Times:#URL_faf9a8fdc4802642fd81e7b36325164b67f939328bd86c959018f1db1d4ec784#?hpw&amp;rref=business&amp;_r=1&amp; * Wired: #URL_b80f608b08c2ba4ae61aa641ed4d73de557d09c00692ceba27a5cf8c44a6bf96# * The New Yorker:#URL_42671b5464823a632cd07ad33ae34c9d33d88a4f36aefcb6aadc87e40f9b6e16# * The Atlantic:#URL_ff8989377bd24ee8d51289196a427f4ddcbebccf08409ba4f2944721192e671d# * MIT Technology Review:#URL_78f5a144ee0c4e1f2fa86473817f5623350989c3c7d0493d5e71157aa5f7380d#
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fleetio is improving the way companies manage vehicle-based operations. We're a fast-growing, profitable SaaS company with tens of thousands of users in over 30 countries. And we're just getting started.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
AboutPPD Partners provides English and Spanish contact center outsourcing to companies that want more from their customer relationships.We position our clients for success by delivering inbound contact center services that allow them to focus on their core business while maximizing profit. We deliver the brand promise of our clients by working with them to understand and apply the knowledge, behaviors, and values at the core of their success.MISSIONTo support our Clients competitive goals and brand recognition through meaningful interactions with their customers by providing quality driven contact center solutions.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
PINT is a leader in the web industry with 20 years of web design, software development and consulting experience. PINT's principals are also the founders of two software companies - ZingChart and Port80 Software.We not only build sites and applications for leading organizations in California, the U.S. and worldwide, but help move the industry forward with our books, instruction at universities, and conference participation.PINT's CultureFrom keyboard-bashing coders to creative, caffeine-driven web aficionados, at PINT not a day goes by in which our employees aren't learning, teaching, and continually being technically and professionally challenged.The amount of experience and knowledge your co-workers share is often a crash course in advanced web development and software engineering principles. Conference room walls tiled with post-it note mosaics of user interview questions and printed web dev decoupage throughout the office poise PINT on the bleeding edge...exactly where we want to be.Foodie focused Friday mornings are often highly anticipated and enjoyed among the members of the weekly PINT Breakfast Club.
Zaius is a digital intuition platform enabling companies to optimize consumer experiences across channels.  We're poised to make a huge dent in a $20B industry.  Zaius is led by veterans from successful software companies including Endeca, Netezza, and LogMeIn and backed by top-tier venture capital firm Matrix Partners.  
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
Wedo is a collection of niched e-commerce stores which aim to be the first destination for online shoppers buying in the various niches that we operate in. Due to our continued commitment to the best, we are now looking for more people to join our lively team at a very exciting time. As we continue to grow we're looking for incredibly passionate people who want to be part of something amazing. We’re looking for outgoing, positive and driven individuals who want to make a difference where they work. We can teach you a lot of what you need to know about the job. What we can’t teach you is aptitude and attitude, two of the most important aspects to succeeding at Wedo. If you’d like to work in an environment that feels friendly and welcoming, professional, highly interactive and ready to hear your ideas, then read on.
Mailjet is a market leading Email Service Provider with over 25 000 clients and rapidly expanding across Europe and abroad due to its innovative approach in offering speed, deliverability and insight to sending emails through an unparalleled user experience and  comprehensive set of APIs.We currently have offices in France, UK, Germany, Belgium, Spain and Canada and are looking for the next wave of business and technical talent to accelerate our expansion and reach our aggressive goals.We are currently hiring for the following positions based out of our headquarters in the heart of Paris and abroad. If you think you have what it takes to be a part of a fast moving and dynamic team, contact us today.
Cigniti Inc. is a 15 year old Irving, TX based professional services and staffing company which helped companies like Trimac Transportation Services, The Freeman Company, Crowley Maritime Corporation, SUBWAY , Teletech Holdings, Heartland Payment Systems, Merrill Lynch, MoneyGram, Stroz Friedberg, HighRadius Corporation, Hertz, Lego, Exeter Finance, NQ Mobile, SecondStreet Media, IQ Interactive, Intuit, Kabam, Vungle, Winshuttle, Shazam Entertainment, Opera Software ASA, GXS India Technology Center, Commerce to identify the right talent for their ongoing and upcoming projects in multiple locations across the USA. The Cigniti Advantage: With a full time staff of over 500 certified consultants across the USA, Cigniti can be your go-to partner for all your staffing needsDedicated Talent Acquisition team(s) with over a decade and a half of experience and expertise in staffing IT/QA teams15% bench to meet those dynamic business and project demandsOnsite consultants working at client locations have access to a specialized R&amp;D team and senior leadership at no extra cost to our clientsDedicated account management that will take ownership of resource onboarding processes to ensure rapid induction of consultants to your projects Can we schedule a few minutes to talk about your recruitment strategy and plans?  We would like to explore opportunities to work in partnership with your team. We look forward to hearing from you.
Hellas Direct is a new insurance company founded in 2011 with the view of changing the way car insurance companies service their clients. We embrace transparency in everything we do and we believe that the Greek consumer deserves a better customer experience.The phrase 'Rethink Insurance' captures the essence of why we exist as a company. Our mission is to change the Greek insurance market, one policy at a time. To do so, we must challenge all assumptions and revisit the way things are currently being done. We are starting with a blank piece of paper and - with the help and support of our strategic partners - we want to redefine what customer service really means. We invite you to join us in our journey and to get to know us along the way.Hellas Direct is the trade name of HD Insurance Ltd, a Cyprus non-life insurance company. HD Insurance Ltd is regulated by the Cyprus Superintendent of Insurance and authorised by the Bank of Greece to carry out insurance business in the Hellenic Republic.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Farmers® is the nation's third-largest Personal Lines Property &amp; Casualty insurance group. Headquartered in Los Angeles and doing business in 41 states, the insurers comprising the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies provide Homeowners, Auto, Business, Life insurance and financial services to more than 10 million households. For more information about Farmers, visit #URL_3679dec19c9fcda4915dfdbef6f1f5c9ebbabb30a4880d309811b8d3de9e652f# We are the newest district in the Phoenix Metro area, with a phenomenal training program designed to accelerate your agency’s growth.  Take a look at the agent opportunity video for more information.
Coffeewards is a cloud loyalty platform which enables businesses to:• Retain and increase their customer base • Provide, through innovative user interaction, cross-sell function in an effective and measurable way • Fully engage the enrolled end users through a captive and multi-way loyalty platform/service.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
ERG is a business and consumer law firm dedicated to helping its clients navigate the BP Claims Process. Almost every type of business on the west coast of Florida, and many individuals and professionals, may be qualified to particpate under this new BP funded program established as of June 4, 2012. The purpose of the program is to help Florida businesses and consumers recover from the direct and indirect impacts of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, and ERG and its team of lawyers and financial professionals are dedicated to ensuring that all of those impacted receive the quality representation they deserve. The ability to file a claim is time limited, so investigate your rights today to ensure that the intended benefits of the program are realized as Florida's economy continues to struggle. Visit #URL_70030a244afb9e0151ea2dcb7fe41f3026a714b37eef7f5e2494abafa40ae1fa# for more about ERG and whether you or your company may have a claim.
Itsa Southern Thing Apparel owns several clothing brands: Eat More Tees, Itsa Girl Thing, and Fripp &amp; Folly.  We strive to provide excellent service and quality to our wholesale customers while reaching out to our end user through online media.  All of our brands build from t-hirts first.  Because our company began as a custom screenprinting enterprise, we will always print our own t-shirts to control the quality and availability of our shirts.We love where our brands have been able to take us.  We hope you visit our website or any of our retail partners and find something that helps define you.  #URL_7190b3b80bd2332aa57046df34c6443e9e8c7afa14d9a03b927fabb3e18e7432#-girl-#URL_da1fcc952a602fe360bce433310e06afc227c889039d656770d684b010d99751#    #URL_8615272cf9fe9b8aa613d176988c9a055d24d06325087d9af2c27c94fdf9c3cc#   #URL_3d944d2625879d4238c81f31e9555704be9e677528a93d6a4cb2b28800358f0b#   
We are a visual technology startup pioneering powerful immersive experiences for next generation wearable displays. Condition One combines advanced 3D graphics, high-resolution video and experiential storytelling to create a fundamentally new form of visual communication to enable a better understanding of the human experience.We’re excited to announce that we are in development with Zero Point, the first movie shot in 3D, 360 degree video optimized for the Oculus Rift head mounted display. In the film, we follow the pioneers of virtual reality; the researchers and developers creating an entirely new digital dimension. From combat training simulations at the Department of Defense, to research labs at Stanford, to indie game developers and hackers, this immersive video experience will bring viewers into the future of virtual reality.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
Controller Chaos opened for business in early 2008 to fill a void we saw in the gaming world - quality modded controllers. Our goal wasn’t just to provide gamers with quality controllers that were outfitted with all the latest technology, we wanted to provide gamers with the largest selection of modded controllers AND back it with exceptional customer service.Since then, we have grown almost as quickly as our customer base has. We have established ourselves as an industry leader and are accredited by the Better Business Bureau as a registered corporation in the state of Missouri. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig is a consulting firm specializing in transportation and environmental planning, traffic engineering, transportation system design, and environmental services. Our philosophy is to provide creative, effective, and sustainable solutions that connect and enhance your communities. We are able to serve our clients’ diverse needs at the federal, state, regional, and local levels by applying a multidisciplinary and collaborative approach. Our strength comes from Principals with significant technical and management experience who stay actively involved in projects to assure the highest level of client satisfaction.In 1984, Felsburg Holt &amp; Ullevig began with three employees. Since then, we’ve grown to a firm with more than 100 employees located in Centennial and Colorado Springs, Colorado and in Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska. We’re dynamic, collaborative professionals who sustain a culture of high-caliber work, collaboration, community engagement, and healthy doses of fun. We believe our success is nurtured by a team that enjoys their work as well their workplace. Our staff donates time and funds to Habitat for Humanity and many other charities with individual champions. The FHUn committee plans multiple events that keep energy (and bragging rights) high and helps us remain a tight-knit team.Our success comes from our people.  If our mission is a good match with your career goals,  we welcome you to apply.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
AVOXI, formerly known as DOW Networks, is a cloud communications provider focused on meeting the international calling needs of call centers, hotels, tour operators and global enterprises around the globe. With network operation centers and offices in the US, the UK, South Africa, Costa Rica and Jamaica, AVOXI provides telecommunications and enhanced VoIP solutions including toll free services, Cloud PBXs and call center solutions with advanced features such as call recording, call forwarding and enhanced routing. With toll free numbers from more countries than anyone in the industry, AVOXI is your business source for international toll free numbers (ITFS). In addition, AVOXI can provide universal international freephone numbers (UIFN) for businesses that require a single number for multiple locations and local DID numbers for businesses looking to project a local presence where they do not have a physical office. When your business relies on a VoIP call center solution or international communications, you can rely on AVOXI to have what you need – when you need it – to save money, improve performance and optimize customer service.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
"Play anything on your TV at anytime with the tap of a finger" - sounds like a lazy man's ambition, doesn't it? Teewe is one device which we believe can achieve this goal. Teewe is an HDMI Dongle, which allows you to stream media wirelessly via a smartphone application to your television. Get the device home, plug it into your TV's HDMI, download the app and you are good to go!Teewe is Mango Man Consumer Electronics Pvt. Ltd's flagship product. At Mango Man we are obsessed about making great electronic products that are extremely affordable. We believe that a connected home entertainment experience is the next step in the smart life evolution and we aim to be at the forefront of it.Find more about us at #URL_5fc03a7a10c772c41d82945eaec97b1b88b01daaaae606052ff918824a9e952d#
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Aarna IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. is a product based web development company. We concentrate on doing continuous research and development on various new web projects and as a result soon we are launching very innovative knowledge sharing and connected learning platform for educational institutes called Q Breaker. We are also specialize in Web development and design, web optimization, SEO or Internet marketing along with Mobile application development and E-commerce platform. Since inception our team of young individuals are working real hard towards our dreams. The Goal is to make history, have fun and build wealth. We are a fast growing start-up. So expect a working environment that demands self-motivated hard work and a desire for accomplishment. Excitement, learnings and a chance to shape your own destiny assured.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
SnapStream is powerful television search technology used by organizations that want to put their finger on the pulse of TV. A cross between a DVR and a search engine, SnapStream allows your organization to easily record thousands of hours of TV recordings and then search inside those recordings to pinpoint TV mentions of interest. Then clip that content and download it, burn it to DVD or send it via e-mail — all without any of the expensive per-clip or per-seat fees associated with traditional media monitoring and clipping services.SnapStream simultaneously records up to 10 TV shows and stores more than 34,000 hours of recordings on a single appliance. Need to go higher? You can combine multiple appliances to achieve scalability above and beyond these limits. Record 100 channels at once and archive TV content for years on end
E-Car Club is an entirely electric pay-per-use car club designed to provide members of carefully selected communities and businesses throughout the UK with access to a fleet of low carbon vehicles without the high cost, emissions levels or hassle factor of private ownership.The E-Car mission is a simple, if ambitious, one - we aim to improve local mobility whilst at the same time reducing both the cost and environmental impact of each journey undertaken. E-Car are supported by a wide array of partners including Sustainable Venture Development Partners, the Institute for Sustainability, UK Power Networks, Nissan, Renault and the Technology Strategy Board, and are currently operating in London, Oxford, Milton Keynes, and across Hertfordshire. Several new “hubs” are planned for Q4 2014 and over the next 12 months we hope to rapidly expand into new regions across London and the rest of the UK. 
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our work at HPS is collaborative, centered on a fun, team-oriented environment. It is also extremely challenging. We focus on the most complex, difficult debates in public policy, requiring everyone at the firm to continuously learn and stretch themselves in new directions.If you are ready for the challenge and want to make an impact, we encourage you to apply and learn more about what makes HPS unique.
ECG Studio is a process design and visual communication consultancy empowering change makers.ECG Studio fuses business process management with collaborative consulting and visual communications to create deeply engaging business improvement solutions teams love. This unique approach equips change makers with a business partner who's sole focus is aligning business and technical teams, driving process innovation and inspiring actions that deliver process improvement. If you are interested in learning how you might contribute as either a contractor, freelancer or full-time team member, please email a cover letter and resume or CV to #EMAIL_8e0ae6eb938f8c6caf7ae4a7eb690eb77bdb183871514da9ad9dda7fa5a9606e#.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Uni Baggage is the No.1 Student Shipping company in the UK, we ship for tens of thousands of students each term to over 200 countries and territories worldwide.We are a young, exciting and expanding online business based in the Titanic Quarter, Belfast. We have a relaxed office environment and are a member of the cycle to work scheme.To continue our growth we are looking for talented and ambitious people to join our team.All openings will be posted here, if there are no jobs listed then we are not hiring. 
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
IntelliBright was created to leverage enterprise level online business practices to generate exclusive leads on behalf of our medium and small business clients across a wide variety of verticals. Our founder comes from a background where websites and online marketing programs utilize advanced analytics and conversion tactics to maximize revenue. Outside of these competitive industries, though, it’s rare to see the effective use of analytics and optimization that is the hallmark of a successful online marketing strategy.On a local level the use of these business practices is even rarer. Our team of highly skilled search engine optimization specialists is here to bring a system of measurable results (leads and sales) to boost your website’s success. To complement our organic website efforts we employ the most talented experts from their respective fields (SEO, SEM, Website and Graphic Design, Development, Analytics) to implement a digital marketing strategy designed to increase market share and deliver the highest level of performance in relation to revenue generation on behalf of our clients.What truly sets us apart is our consultative nature.  All businesses are not equal.  We work with our clients to improve their internal business processes to increase lead conversions.  Our clients truly love us.  Join us and you'll see why.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
Gelato Group is a SaaS company. We've developed a global print engine integrated with the print ecosystem’s key players, e.g. Adobe, Dropbox, and HP. Our solutions are accessible on all mobile devices. We print in 10 countries and serve 35 markets. Our customers typically use technology to adapt and grow their businesses. We are turning printing into utility - just like electricity! We have 3 main business units:Gelato Cloud – a global print cloud delivering prints to 800 million people and 35 countries#URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0# – Our Home &amp; Family / global card shopGelato Air – white labelling of our Home &amp; Family website / #URL_a43fcacc3b55ff6421fb9bb13b19084f6ccf36e9cca982c05ae1d9bf2b93f1a0#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in the mid 2000′s, our services include building and management of systems that provide the overall web infrastructure, building successful applications, combines intelligent automation with powerful lead generation, e-commerce and social media strategies. Everything we do is aligned with our goal to help our partners succeed with the help of technology.
Freytag &amp; Associates, Inc. is a multi-discipline design firm offering architectural, engineering, interior design, landscape and planning services.  While providing services for a variety of building types, Freytag is best known for educational, religious/cultural and historic preservation projects.  The firm also serves a variety of governmental and health care clients and assists a commercial client base that requires not only local but national and international projects.  Our office is located on Miami Avenue in Sidney, Ohio in an 1884 restored Victorian home. In 1989, this historic structure was totally renovated to maintain the original character while functioning as a “state-of-the-art” design studio. The structure fosters a cohesive team oriented atmosphere while enhancing the surrounding community.  Freytag &amp; Associates, Inc. offers the latest computer technology from preliminary design through construction documents including interactive 3D building generations.
As one of the world’s leading staffing companies, our primary objective is clear-cut: To perfectly align the best people with appropriate positions for our clients everywhere. Every day, we talk to hiring managers, HR directors, procurement managers, and senior management to learn their needs. At the same time, we’re bringing in candidates and associates with a variety of skills and backgrounds, seeing how we can best put their skills to use.This happens in every Advantage office—in just about every industry—with a talent roster that includes engineers of all kinds, IT software, hardware and infrastructure, finance &amp; accounting professionals, clerical, light industrial, manufacturing and warehouse workers. In addition, Advantage helps businesses with some of their most critical day-to-day tasks, providing assistance with workforce consulting, management of payroll, procurement, recruitment outsourcing, and project management.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of over 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from computer programming to photography and gaming. Our primary Q&amp;A site is Stack Overflow, the world's largest online community of computer programmers. Stack Overﬂow hosts a hiring platform; Stack Overflow Careers which helps users connect with top employers all around the world to ﬁnd new programming opportunities.Why work here?Simple, we’re a group of people who are trying to make the internet a better place. We are building an incredible team and we work hard to make sure every new hire is the best fit possible.You should work in the best environment, with the smartest people, doing challenging and different things everyday. You'll be happiest if you receive stock options, free lunches, and top-notch benefits, so we'll give you those things too. In fact, we'll give you whatever you need to get your job done.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
EgyptNetwork is a fast growing IT solutions provider for Microsoft technologies with strong experience in Microsoft core infrastructures, Business productivity solutions and Professional #URL_afe64d1430a69842b5498beb2a7b4f781f2886c5359d0f2b3abfd40172e9eb12# more than 10 years of sold experience in IT Services business EgyptNetwork managed to build its competencies in Portals &amp; Collaboration and Unified #URL_5a567a095d3ef78b8d9b9b276efeacd54a54c0523da46a1981c0f#PHONE_909a5f506c9a3be5fbdfb0a72282fa0f073d3d33c765b33947b6593236a4f266## company places great emphasis on innovation, as it continuously delivers various cutting-edge solutions to governments and enterprises alike through its opened branches in Egypt and Saudi Arabia as well. EgyptNetwork is a Microsoft golden Certified Partner in four competencies areas which is the highest level of Partnership certification from Microsoft. The company employs the best of breed team of SharePoint, .NET developers, designers, architects, project managers and quality engineers. our global delivery model capability and CMMI level 3 accredited processes, and model-driven development tools to extend our customers IT organization; augmenting it with agile, high quality, productive capabilities, technology competences, and vertical industry know-how. 
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
BlueLine Grid is transforming government communications. At a time when government employees are increasingly being asked to use their personal mobile devices for work, BlueLine Grid allows users to find each other by area, agency, proximity or specialty and connect and collaborate one-to-one or in groups.There are 22 million public employees in the U.S (15% of the total workforce) yet there is no comprehensive registry and no simple way for them to connect. BlueLine Grid is the first company to go Over-The-Top with free, simple connection tools in the mobile government space that integrate unified communication capabilities with a comprehensive and pre-populated directory of the U.S. public workforce.
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Engagor is a venture backed startup founded in 2011, with offices in San Francisco and Belgium, Europe. Engagor is real-time customer engagement and insights platform for the social enterprise. We help brands like T-Mobile, CocaCola, Evernote and Volvo to have personal conversations with all of their customers on a global scale.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
At MAM, we are passionate about changing the culture of the mental health industry. We seek to de-fragment care, utilize technology such as telemedicine to bring care to rural populations, and bring innovative service delivery options to communities. We love our clients and the people who work along side us. We are a very people-oriented company, seeking to have an excellent internal culture in order to change the external culture. We love out-of-the-box thinking and innovative leaders. We would love to meet with you to discuss opportunities in our company or just get to know you! 
Marketing Mob specializes in placing interim, project-based and contract-to-hire marketing consultants in small businesses to Fortune 500 enterprises. Marketing Mob is always looking for talented marketers to join the Mob.Our goal is to keep independent marketers working by matching your skills, talents and experience with marketing projects that require that expertise. Ideal candidates are self-starters, energetic, highly motivated and capable of working independently.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Supply chain management company with emphasis placed in Rehabilitation Therapy, Health IT, and Information Security
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
StartupTAP is not a conventional recruiting agency.  We're true Talent Acquisition Partners.We stand behind the belief that talent is the magical ingredient that fuels innovative ideas and builds successful startups. A great idea can only go so far without the right mix of talented, driven people working vigorously toward the same goals. We don’t just provide resumes and candidates; we’ll be your Talent Acquisition Partners in crime, doing all the dirty work to find those rare gems, the people that have that unique blend of talent, drive and passion that will bring fresh energy, ability and ideas to your team. So, while you’re busy changing the world, let us be your Talent Acquisition Partners, it’s what we do best.
Anittel is an ASX listed company providing IT &amp; telecommunications services and solutions, with 17 offices throughout Australia. The company has experienced rapid growth over recent years; and last year was the winner of both the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 award &amp; CRN's Faster 50 award.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
VouchedFor is a highly disruptive start up in the Financial Advice market. Created in 2011, we are an innovative start-up backed by investors whose previous successes include Zoopla, eBay, Lovefilm and Betfair. We connect consumers with Independent Financial Advisers and Mortgage Advisors that they can trust, based on customer reviews. We have exciting plans to do a whole lot more, makinggreat financial advice accessible and engaging to all.VouchedFor is the only UK digital platform that lets you find, rate and review Independent Advisors.We have successfully carved a place for ourselves in a commercial sector with revenues over £4.4 billion, and with nearly 2000 financial advisers now signed up, VouchedFor has created adviser capacity in excess of even the largest financial firms (e.g., St James Place, Barclays Wealth, Hargreaves Lansdown). The product and marketing opportunities this presents are endless, spanning investments, pensions, mortgages, annuities and more. This role is literally an opportunity to change the way the UK public goes about managing its wealth.
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
Tailor is a digital agency specialising in three things:User interface design and development for enterpriseWe work alongside the development teams of large organisations like Auckland Transport and Progressive Enterprises to design and build (front-end code) the user interface for complex websites and applications. Digital platform design, development and ongoing support for SMEs and entrepreneursWe work with dynamic organisations like My Food Bag and All Blacks Tours to build bespoke systems and apps that are core to their business. We provide a comprehensive range of digital product development services, including strategy, technical scoping, product management, ongoing support and optimisation. Digital development and ongoing support for agenciesWe partner with advertising and marketing agencies to do the “heavy lifting” digital development they can’t do in-house. This is primarily large-scale CMS-based websites, but we also build mobile apps, Facebook apps, and other complex websites. To deliver this unique mix, we’ve got an incredibly diverse but talented team of people - each of whom shares the founders’ passion and pragmatic approach to creating great digital solutions.We're extremely proud of our team, and genuinely believe that our people are our greatest asset. As such, we strive to provide a working environment that is among the best in the industry.We offer:An open culture, where diversity and personality are most welcomeA range of office perks - fridge and pantry stocked with 'healthy' treats, weekly team lunch etc.Personal/professional development - we provide a generous annual allowance to develop your skills and/or attend conferences Work-life balance - we are flexible with working hours and fully supportive of other life/family commitments - school/childcare, sports teams, extra study, and side-projects/business venturesFrom this year, we will offer staff the opportunity to invest (and/or work for equity) in a couple of internal projects we are looking to commercialise
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
SLI Systems is a SaaS company revolutionizing the way online retailers do business. SLI works closely with online retailers—like Sports Authority, and 7 for All Mankind—to improve the search experience for their customers. By monitoring consumer behavior and search terms, SLI is able to direct shoppers to products they’d be interested in—making searches quicker and more efficient. SLI Systems is dedicated to revolutionizing e-commerce and helping its clients grow their user bases, numbers, scope, and clientele.
Ideas2Life is a startup team of people in Cyprus, who are passionate about exploring, conceptualizing and developing new ideas that help and add value to our life. Our goal is simple: To bring many such Ideas 2 Life within the next few years, both in Cyprus and the world.AtYourService, a marketplace for services, is the first project of the team. Watch our awesome video to find out how AtYourService works!
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Magmic is a leading developer and publisher of mobile social games and entertainment. We publish a full range of content, from original titles including Ka-Glom, and Texas Hold’em King to top licensed content from brand name entertainment publishers like Mattel, Disney, and Rubik’s Cube. We have led the mobile entertainment revolution since 2002, and currently ship products to all major app stores including; iTunes App Store, BlackBerry World, Google Play, Amazon App Store and various carrier decks. Privately owned, Magmic is located in Ottawa, Canada in the heart of the Byward Market.
At McLane Intel, we believe that everyone should love where they work! We understand that our ongoing success is attributed to our remarkable staff. We are a company that promotes career growth, ongoing learning, and professional development for all of our employees.We have a wide range of positions throughout the company and accept and support a broad array of applicants—from recent graduates to seasoned professionals. If you are willing to follow our company values, enjoy learning new skills, and plan to succeed in your career—we want you to apply.Here are a few things we offer that others often don’t:Autonomy – We offer a management team that treats their employees with respect and values their input, along with a team of skilled technicians that put their teammates above themselves.Mastery &amp; Growth – We promote from within and work each one of our technicians to help them get certifications and rise in the tiers experience.Purpose – We have a mission and a culture that every employee is strongly invested in working towards because we hand-picked people that love what they do. It’s the difference between people in a row boat rowing as they see fit, and people rowing the same direction.Benefits – Our benefits are some of the best around. We have awesome health insurance and a great PTO policy. We have an Awesome Teammate Bonus, where employees nominate other employees weekly. Each full-time employee has a monthly personal and team bonus with specific targets for performance, so you always know how you’re doing.A bit more about what we do:McLane Intelligent Solutions (MIS) is fast-growing and dynamic managed services provider located in Bell county in Central Texas. We provide a broad range of outsourced IT including design, installation, support, maintenance and consulting services to the SMB market. We have a rising need for smart, talented, hard-working, and capable team members who love challenges, want to know they are making a difference every day, and want to join a fast-paced, demanding and fun team of professionals.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
In Discoveroom we have a grand vision:  to change the hospitality industry byproviding travelers with more  and easily booked accommodation choices, that match their individual needs and style.providing lodging owners with free tools to manage and market their properties efficiently and effectively.This is a difficult undertaking but in a vast market and with very promising outcomes. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
Inviting inspirational individualsWe’re fast becoming a world-class company, making a massive impact to charities. We’re looking for top talent to join our growing London and Nottingham offices.5 Reasons to work for Raising IT1. Be part of a fast-moving tech companyWe love driving forwards innovation and everyone in the team contributes ideasWe’re still a small team, making a big difference2. Work with leading charitiesOur client list includes leading charities such as RSPCA, Macmillan and UNICEFEarn what you would elsewhere, but make millions for causes that count too3. Make a massive impact in the worldThe charity space is really struggling as government funding is decreasingThe future is web and social media and we are leading the way4. Have a huge opportunity not just a jobWe are onto something big, you will be a big part of it, not a corporate clogOur products have already hugely successful, but this is just the beginning5. Join a great, fun and friendly teamOur team is driven by the difference we are makingWe are passionate people that know how to work hard and have a good time
Simworx is acknowledged as one of the world’s leaders in the supply of 4D Effects Cinemas and Motion Simulation Attractions, for the entertainment, education &amp; corporate markets, worldwide. Its skills and capabilities extend from full turnkey solutions, custom attractions, product development, manufacturing &amp; service support, to film content, motion programming &amp; complete themed attractions. Our clients have access to a vast film library, with hugely varied subject content.Backed by Venture Capital and growing at a tremendous rate, we take pride in our company culture, work environment and exiting projects. 
We’re not doctors. We are geeks who understand doctors.                               Been to the doctor lately? Ever thought it odd that the experience is almost exactly the same as it was 20 years ago? Isn’t it a bit odd that in this world of iPads and always-on Internet you still have to wait 30 minutes to see the doctor, at which point (s)he’ll write down your notes on (heaven forbid) paper? And what if you’re referred from one doctor to another and they need to access your old records? In a world where you can watch any listen to any song ever recorded in just a couple clicks on a computer that fits in your pocket, people shouldn't be dying because they were given medicine they were allergic to in the emergency room because the ER doctor didn’t have access to the patient’s medical records. We have done the seemingly impossible, an application that doesn’t change the doctors' workflow yet manages their patient records electronically. We’re all about doctor user experience (yes it’s very different from normal user experience, trust us). We’re funded, loved by doctors and having a blast! Want to get in early on something really, really big? We don’t discriminate. You can be an alien from outer space with a tubular green body, hemispherical head and no ears, if we like you, we’ll take care of your visas in Singapore, get you alien food, alien gadgets, nerf balls, cute frogs, and lemon tea. We’re a small company with a great culture that values curiosity as much as performance, a fantastic work environment (which you can contribute to!), health insurance, a competitive salary, and meaningful equity in the company. We’re located in the heart of town, Clarke quay! We’re surrounded by restaurants that challenge your taste buds every day, and…We’re a stone’s throw away from the best bars in town.If you want to change the world and help bring doctors and medical care for the average person into the 21st century come talk with us.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
21st century financial software, in the cloudFundApps is a startup that helps investment managers comply with worldwide regulation. Our competition is stuck in the dark ages when it comes to software development. Slow, clunky, complicated user interfaces which look like they were designed by crazy scientists are the norm and we're shaking up an entire industry by providing beautiful &amp; intuitive web-based software. We think that practices like continuous delivery, agile development and aiming for craftsmanlike coding enables us to move faster than our competitors whilst delivering better software.We’ve already grown a stellar customer base for our product Rapptr, despite our small size (8 of us right now) - but we’re most excited about the challenges that lie ahead. We want to keep learning, have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes – all in the name of delivering better experiences for customers.Join usYou’ll be part of a team that cares passionately about delivering a great product and quality software. Our goal is to let you do your best work. You’ll be empowered to make choices and trusted to get things done.You’ll care about your craft and have a hunger to learn new skills and improve your existing ones. While we have .NET at the core of our stack, we’re pragmatic about other technologies and open-minded about your technology background.You enjoy collaborating as part of a team and are passionate and approachable; we hope we manage to be the same.
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
At HoneyBook we’re re-imagining the events industry and building a product that is already changing the world for some of the top event planning celebrities in the nation. We’re a well-funded and growing team of 20, passionate about creating the happiest customers in the world. Inevitably this involves a lot of champagne and macaroons, but it’s always our gorgeously designed product that generates the most smiles.
Praxis Life Sciences is a dynamic project management and consultancy practice servicing the life sciences industry. Praxis drives business improvement at pharmaceutical, medical device, and related companies through unique methods and knowledge applied by experienced, dedicated experts.Praxis is known in the industry for successfully navigating the demands and complexities of a changing regulatory marketplace. We specialize in helping businesses operate at maximum potential.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Executive search and recruitment agency, providing successful high growth organizations with highly talented, skilled, in-demand professionals
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Nubis is at the edge of cloud app development. The company is creating an innovative cloud platform for managing data in a whole new way. Nubis Cloud Platform, changes the way business and web site content is stored and managed. This new management system allows you to create functionality through an easy-to-use UI, keeping the need for programming to a minimum.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
TOPOSOPHY is an integrated destination management &amp; marketing agency. We provide tourism organizations, associations and companies (both public and private) with practical solutions to develop, manage and market places as tourism destinations, accompanying them on every step of the way. We like to do things differently. We take a step back and study the whole place (place = 'topos' in Greek) with a critical but enthusiastic look at where the destination sits in the compared to its competitors, both near and far.Then, working closely with our clients, we create strategies to plan their place’s future, understand the latest industry conditions, engage their partners, involve the local community and reveal their place uniqueness in every form. Our services focus on offering complete solutions for destination strategy &amp; planning, place marketing &amp; branding (online and offline), market intelligence, trade marketing, advocacy &amp; government support, tailor-made to every place’s distinct needs.Our elite team of destination experts and tourism professionals combines extensive experience as practitioners, managing operations and many years of consultancy background with a passion to transform places into thriving destinations.We are strategic, we are creative, we are practical. Our philosophy is TOPOSOPHY.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
O|Miga is a different type of business services firm.  Founded by x-Big 4 partners, O|Miga offers accounting, payroll, human resources and other support services specifically tailored to the needs of small and mid-sized entrepreneurial businesses. We provide these services in a way that is more practical, efficient and cost effective, than traditional firms; by a team of experienced professionals that thrive on working with dynamic growing clients.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
At Roll the Clip we reinvent photo sharing.
AGOGO creates a personalized audio channel by bringing together your favorite programming -- news, entertainment, sports, and more -- with your premium music services, personalized traffic, audio books, video programming, and much more. Curated from the freshest, most trusted sources, AGOGO helps you make the most out of every waking moment.AGOGO is looking for people who are media aware, know technology inside and out, who are ambitious, a team player, and looking to grow with a company.
StartTech Ventures is the investment &amp; incubation arm of the Materializing Innovation Group and has three functions: Seed Fund, Incubator and Business Angel Network. We build on the experience its people gained out of starting Virtual Trip, the first successful student start-up in Greece, spinning out more than 10 high-tech companies and creating a next generation startup accelerator via introducing the "Entrepreneurial Ecosystem" concept; supporting high-growth businesses to take advantage of economies of scale without compromising flexibility and strong entrepreneurial drive. Our portfolio includes amazing tech companies such as eFront e-Learning, AbZorba Games, TalentLMS, Psycholate and SOLO Gateway. We publish job openings both for the StartTech Ventures incubator and the CoLab Athens coworking space as well as for our posrtfolio companies.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Dairy, food and beverage processors work within one of the most complex, competitive and precision-driven industries.  They need a partner they can rely on to address their operational issues.  W.M. Sprinkman has been providing system design, engineering and installation as well as stainless steel manufacturing, maintenance and servicing of equipment for over 80 years.  The secret (foundation/ core) of our longevity is our incredibly talented and dedicated staff from sales to service, concepts to installation.  
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Embarke is increasing email opens and clicks for marketers by 5-20%...automatically.  We do this by performing behavior analysis on each user, which allows us to deliver messages that are optimized for each individual and sent at the time each person is most likely to engage.Ultimately, we don't just give marketers more clicks and revenue. We give consumers content they actually want to engage with, reducing their desire to click the delete or spam button! We’re TechStars + Microsoft Accelerator graduates, we’re funded, have great benefits, a kegerator, and a 5000 sqft collaborative work environment with great views of downtown San Diego.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We're artists, thinkers, and doers in an open, collaborative, and challenging environment. We love to work our hearts out, but we also love beanbags, wasabi peas, and yoga. We hope you do, too.What do we do? We develop interactive training content and mobile-friendly software apps that empower and educate employees and customers from hot new startups to Fortune 50 companies.
Delivering superior customer services for over 10 years, IBEX Global is a business process outsourcer offering an integrated suite of services that supports an expansive array of customer facing solutions.Headquartered in Washington, DC. IBEX Global delivers onshore, near shore and offshore solutions in 5 countries, across 18 call centers employing over 9000+ customer service professionals.  The recipient of several client and community awards such as the Goodwill Industries Employer of the Year, IBEX Global is one of the most forward thinking companies in the BPO industry.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
SocialTaste is a new, innovative platform, that allows you to accept food orders through your Facebook page!Contrary to other solutions that require you to have your own website and market it for your audience, socialTaste goes where your clients are: Their favorite social network!Our company, i-magic, has been in the area of web development for the last 14 years as of 2014
SEK Solutions is driven to be the #1 solutions provider for our customer's weapon storage, industrial storage, material handling &amp; logistics requirements. We are proud of the deep industry relationships we've developed over the years that allow us to offer our a broad selection of material handling equipment and supplies, as well as a variety of storage solutions.We are located in Virginia Beach, VA, where our employees enjoy the family-oriented communities and diverse recreational activities this area offers. We are a hard-working team committed to delivering excellent customer service; we also know how to enjoy a little fun while we are at it. We are growing rapidly and seek self starters with integrity and a willingness to succeed. If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, we encourage you to review and apply to any of our openings listed below.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
Fortune Brands creates products and services that help fulfill the dreams of homeowners and help people feel more secure. We’re fueled by a strong portfolio of brands and hold market leadership positions in all of our segments.We have much to be proud of since becoming an independent company in 2011. In 2013,we grew sales by 25% to $4.2 billion; strengthened our balance sheet and made our first strategic acquisition. We’ve delivered strong sales and profit growth, and have repeatedly demonstrated the strength of our operating model. We’ll continue to build on our momentum as the market for our products expands during the early stages of the housing market recovery. As a company, we are well-positioned for the next phase of our growth.
At SwiftStack, we build the cloud storage software that is used by some of the most well known brands on the Internet, in media and entertainment, financial services and life sciences. You'll like working here. We're a small company, in the early stages of growth. That means that you'll have the liberty to make a lot of choices, and the decisions you make will be meaningful. We're big enough to offer stability and good benefits (e.g. medical, vision, dental, 401K and commuter), but small enough that you'll know everyone and contribute everywhere. We're serious but casual, agile but judicious, confident but broad-minded. We've got a talented team that's just waiting for you to join us.
At Command we care enough to consistently place the right candidates in the right jobs. We have more than 50 locally-managed branches throughout the United States that serve as trusted partners to businesses and job seekers. 
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
ERG is a business and consumer law firm dedicated to helping its clients navigate the BP Claims Process. Almost every type of business on the west coast of Florida, and many individuals and professionals, may be qualified to particpate under this new BP funded program established as of June 4, 2012. The purpose of the program is to help Florida businesses and consumers recover from the direct and indirect impacts of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, and ERG and its team of lawyers and financial professionals are dedicated to ensuring that all of those impacted receive the quality representation they deserve. The ability to file a claim is time limited, so investigate your rights today to ensure that the intended benefits of the program are realized as Florida's economy continues to struggle. Visit #URL_70030a244afb9e0151ea2dcb7fe41f3026a714b37eef7f5e2494abafa40ae1fa# for more about ERG and whether you or your company may have a claim.
Urban Robotics Inc. provides cutting edge software and hardware solutions for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Remote Sensing and Geospatial applications. Products include aerial EO and NearIR digital sensor systems, high performance aerial and ground computer clusters, and automated algorithms and services for generating fast turn-around 3D orthorectified maps.
The front door to most businesses is online. Connectivity allows business owners know every first impression. We are passionate about providing customer intelligence solutions to business owners. Connectivity is a rapidly growing venture backed technology company… We think big and move fast. Please visit #URL_1fddf30a8cda1e29d42a2add75f99d2c0cbda4e798c9de439800ef27d307e955# to learn more. Proven leadership team with extensive startup experience.Currently has 92,000+ paying customers on their SaaS platform and growing.Raised $6.35M in a Series A funding round led by proven venture capital investors and angels including:Proven venture capital firms, Greycroft Partners (#URL_e92f987773d20ba70d8539741ac1f9e142610a3a12331737e85f0700395bbc90#)Rincon Ventures (#URL_f7f868790176237852cc0f3074e41e211c3d7742082c0e8a4621269786a55a65#)Daher Capital (#URL_f31cd231df8a07ac7db3f10f35e02185990af8490ab3102628cd870d073671b8#)Double M Partners (#URL_a6f4784a8d2cf3465d52ecd2c7bbe998421c215299e46ae85c16d4375d11c289#)TenOneTen Ventures (#URL_10907ca068f4b651c315af4a1cc391400769b3ebd69cd834f8c3974aa67e39f7#)Eytan Elbaz (#URL_affdeedbfaf2b202ec2d696d87161f266be36f3da8ecf80dd67cdac1f4ba9738#)Team of 24+ with plans to grow to 60+ by end of year.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
LHBS is an unconventional strategy firm with office in Berlin, Copenhagen and Vienna. We approach marketing and innovation challenges from an unconventional point of view: Not for the sake of being different but for the sake of delivering better opportunities, strategies and ideas for our clients.We have no departments. We mobilize the right teams at the right time for the right job. Our teams work in continuous collaboration from the beginning to the end. Challenging our assumptions and ourselves, pushing ourselves further to look beyond cookie cutter solutions. To deliver outcomes that genuinely surprise and excite our clients.We are a diverse group from many ethnic backgrounds, education and experience. We take on each project with enthusiasm, excitement and an uncompromising commitment to total quality. Explore our services and how we generate value for clients.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Cloud 66 helps Devs and Ops deploy their applications on any public cloud. With Cloud 66, developers can deploy their web applications, mobile backends or APIs to their own servers on any cloud and benefit from load balancers, DB backups and replication, firewall management, team access control and much more.
StudyHall creates opportunities for college, university students, and recent graduates, to work with the best companies in America - such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and more.  Our project-based internships allow students to work remotely on various projects such as Adwords, Writing, SEO, Video production, Wordpress, Photoshop and Research.  But, the best part about StudyHall isn't just that you can do creative projects with mentors from amazing companies, but you can also earn money and show off your skills at the same time.  And if you do a great job, these companies can hire you full-time.APPLY NOW!#URL_4d9c394961f5f716f8dc7e4ba1431e46e14fa0d1018aa93d8b3019a56f1bcd65# (Click "Apply to Intern" on Homepage of #URL_ab309fb672a2b26317bd303c09c3c6762986d45c2bb1b4970cac579d697432e2#)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our CompanyAdcash® is an international advertising network that delivers billions of ad units each month reaching several millions of people around the globe. With a strong focus on the entertainment vertical, the network’s portfolio currently comprises over 90 000 websites that benefit from the company’s successful partnerships with a number of leading brands. The strength of the Adcash® platform lays in its cutting edge ad delivery technology and advanced internal tools.50 billion advertisements served in 2013Work in one of the top 100 biggest website in the worldEnjoy building great software used by a team of 50 personsImprove your skills by working on an interesting projectThe company’s headquarter is located in Tallinn (Estonia) with other branches in Queretaro (Mexico), Sofia (Bulgaria) and Paris (France).Our teamComing from very diverse cultural and geographical backgrounds, our team reflects perfectly the company’s image and global outlook.With a total of 9 nationalities represented, our 55+ team members bring not only an invaluable level of experience to the table, but also a diversity of thought instrumental in shaping the network’s identity.And so we can help you in: Bulgarian, Deutsch, English, Estonian, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish and Turkish!From hardcore techies to online advertising veterans and everything in between, our staff is comprised of committed professionals, who come from all corners of the industry, having worked with organizations such as Vodafone, Skype, Google, EA, Orange, Telcel and many others.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
SHC/The Arc of Medina County is a great place to start or continue your career. Whether you’re interested in direct care, administrative, teaching computer skills or many other types of work, there is likely a career for you at SHC/The Arc.As a nonprofit organization serving people with disabilities, SHC/The Arc’s more than 200 employees serve people in Medina and Ashland Counties in Ohio. You’ll be joining a team committed to providing the highest quality programs with an emphasis on the health, safety, and respect of those we serve.If you are looking for a career in which you can make a difference in people’s lives, then join our talented, motivated, hard-working staff and share their passion for serving others.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
Casper is a sleep startup that re-imagines the experience of purchasing a mattress. We launched in April 2014 with an outrageously comfortable mattress designed by former IDEO and NASA product engineers and sold directly to consumers – eliminating commission-driven, inflated prices. We provide free shipping with delivery right to your door in a mini-fridge sized box and a 100 days money-back policy. We generated over $1 million in 28 days following our launch and have raised nearly $15m in venture funding led by NEA with participation from leading investors including Lerer Ventures, SV Angel, and Ashton Kutcher.
We Focus on building a better community around a "Healthy Active Lifesyle".
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Qrator is a visual (web &amp; mobile) platform that connects a wide range of creative professionals (artisans, craftmen, fashion professionals, barbers, bakers, chefs, baristas, street artists, to name but a few) with prospects and people sharing the same culture and interests.Qrator currently enables creative professionals to showcase their work and culture. Upon reach of a critical mass of professionals and prospects, Qrator plans to launch a variety of freemium branding services that will assist professionals grow fast their social and professional network and generate sales of their goods and services.Qrator is targeted at 3.5 million of the world’s most talented Creators (creative professionals) and 320 million passionate people about creativity and innovation. We estimate each Creator is most likely to spend an average of $880 per annum in digital marketing services. Qrator’s addressable market is expected to exceed $3 billion, spent by the world’s Creators in digital marketing services per annum.Qrator is a UK company, lead by its founder &amp; CEO Nikolas Ioannidis, a successful hospitality en- trepreneur and former technologist. Nikolas is leading a team of 6, consisting of the CTO, a Lead Designer, a Senior IOS/back-end Developer, a Senior front-end Developer, Community Curator and a Recommender Systems Consultant. Nikolas disposes of a substantial number of contacts in the media and creative industry around the globe. Qrator’s R&amp;D department is located in Greece (Athens and Chania). Qrator is establishing a team of Local Community Curators in key cities from around the globe.Qrator is currently in private beta phase, aiming to launch end of October 2014 and targetting to acquire within September 2015, 10K talented Creators and 1M prospects, from 10 key cities from around the world.Qrator just raised a Seed round funding. 
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Formed in 2006, Saul&amp;Partners is an executive search consulting firm specialising in talent management for permanent staff and interim consultants. We provide search services for vertical niche markets of Risk Management within Banking, Asset Management, FS and Online Digital Media industries. We search for executives from Business through to Sales, Business Development, Risk (OpRisk/Market/Credit), Treasury, ALM, Balance Sheet Management, Operations and Compliance.Our consultants draw on the expertise of Saul&amp;Partners to ensure we achieve the best job matches in the market.
Carr Gomm is one of Scotland’s leading care organisations. Everything we do is shaped by our core values of choice, control, interdependence, openness &amp; honesty, and respect. We are a registered charity and not-for-profit company: we put people first, not profits.We operate a wide range of services across the country in partnership with local authorities, other social care providers and housing associations, and private individuals. We are committed to providing the highest standard of person-centred care and support; we treat each person we support as an individual and tailor their support to meet their needs.Carr Gomm is proud of its staff team and committed to being an excellent employer. We provide extensive training and support to our staff, as well as career progression opportunities. We hold an Investors in People Award and are an SQA approved centre.  Carr Gomm attracts people from all walks of life - some with extensive social care experience, and some who are new to the sector. Our approach is simple - if you share our values and are committed to making a difference in the lives of others, we can provide all the training and support required.
Blue Dot HR works with some of the best small businesses in New Zealand. 
VSO brings people together to fight poverty by delivering innovative development programmes in 36 of the poorest countries in the world. Through our volunteers, we harness the talents, enthusiasm and skills of ordinary people to bring about lasting change.
Even though we’ve been industry leaders for years, we’ve never lost sight of our primary goal: to serve and protect our clients and their families, and create opportunities for our employees. It’s what drives us every day.We take that mission seriously, and believe that while WHAT we do improves our clients’ and our representatives’ lives, HOW we do it sets us apart from other industry providers. We protect the families we serve – and provide the peace of mind that comes from knowing you’re insulated from life’s unforeseen twists and turns. We offer the security that lets you sleep at night, with our personal commitment to go above and beyond in search of the solutions you need.We love our work, and we love the people we work with, so it makes it easy and fun – to do the best, and be the best we can – let us show you how we can be of help to you!
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
The idea behind Zingle was conceived by its founder, Ford Blakely. He was tired of waiting in long lines every morning at his local coffee shop for his "single shot, soy mocha, 2 pumps, no whip". An avid texter, Ford couldn't believe businesses did not have a way to receive text messages. Ford bought a cell phone for the coffee shop to keep by the register so he could text his order in each morning.I hate 2 wait for most anything!"The idea quickly caught on and out-grew the capability of a cell phone. He thought, if he saves 15 minutes each morning by texting in his order, then more businesses could benefit from texting. Working with operators, Ford then created Zingle, a business text solution that allows customers to text a business (or automatically print the text request) and responds to customers with a confirmation, while also keeping a log of all recent requests and conversations.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
OUR EMPLOYEES DRIVE OUR BUSINESSA challenging career awaits you at IBEX Global. A market-oriented approach to work, stimulating assignments, and a high-performance culture make our work environment demanding but exceptionally fulfilling. We offer flexible work schedules and an opportunity for associates to be as independent as their ambition and personal commitments allow them to be. Compensation and professional rewards are competitive and commensurate with performance and work ethic.Our work culture is characterized by employee satisfaction initiatives because great customer interactions are only possible with motivated individuals. We leverage the diversity and tenacity of our employees to foster a competitive but team-oriented environment. Group activities, community outreach and business strategy retreats are integral parts of our culture.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
airfy prägt sicheres und einfach zu bedienendes Kunden WLAN für Unternehmen. Werde Teil eines stetig wachsenden Unternehmens und genieße eine produktive Arbeitsumgebung mit hochtalentierten, offenen und dynamischen Kollegen.Du hast bei uns die Möglichkeit von Anfang an selbstständig zu arbeiten, Verantwortung zu übernehmen und uns tatkräftig bei der Erreichung unserer Ziele zu unterstützen: WLAN everywhere for everyone.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
We believe clients need a business partner who gets their business, gets the uniqueness of their culture and gets their brand. A partner who can create BIG revenue generating ideas, and in the same day, execute the minutiae of experiential programs flawlessly. We are TraffikGroup. A different kind of company. A different agency experience.Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.
Picfair is an investment-backed startup in the heart of east London's tech scene, changing the way the image industry works. For decades, images have been sold by agencies who fix prices and take the lion's share of profits. Picfair is a pure, open-to-all image marketplace where photographers, both amateur and professional – control the prices of their images, and get what they ask for.Picfair was founded by Benji Lanyado, a journalist for the Guardian and the New York Times who quit his job and learned how to code in order to build the site. Since launch 11 months ago, Picfair has attracted thousands of photographers in 62 countries across the world to upload their stunning images to the site, and Picfair images have already been licensed for business websites, newspaper front pages, and prints for people's walls.
Cision gives marketing and communications professionals the tools they need to identify, understand and engage with the influencers in their markets.By providing the best suite of integrated tools for marketers, for SEOs, for community managers, for PRs we work with brands like Ogilvy, #URL_d031e54b8558ee3cb2835cf103daa8f7175568227ca47c39671ad70740eb168e#, Google and Volkswagen to help them power their story.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Places Senior Technology and Data professionals nationwide with a focus on Software Engineering, Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing, Cloud Computing, DevOps, and Security.Preferred Member of the Top Echelon Network, a professional group of over 600 partner firms, providing access to thousands of positions and candidates nationwide.Subscribe and View OpportunitiesAnalytic Search Group, LLC174 Nassau Street, #301Princeton, NJ 08542(609) 895-9888
Based in San Francisco with a development office in Budapest, Hungary, Secret Sauce Partners enables the world's largest ecommerce companies to provide the best shopping experiences online. Our products are branded and built into ecommerce web sites and are actively used by over 40 million users. We are well funded, fun, dynamic and growing fast. Join us!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
HealthCare California is a locally-owned and operated home health agency providing a variety of home health and medical services in central California.Our experienced and dedicated nursing and rehabilitation teams use a multi-disciplinary approach to ensure the highest quality level of home health care for our patients.We strive to ensure each patient reaches his or her maximum health potential.  All health care services are provided under the direction of the patient’s physician. MISSION STATEMENTOur mission is to be the premier home health agency in the Central Valley.  We will provide exceptional home health services to patients and referral sources.  We will always operate with the highest ethical standards and fairness in all of our dealings with patients, referrals sources, employees and suppliers.
We design, make and sell furniture, with a simple mission of getting beautifully crafted furniture from the workshop floor straight to customers at an exceptional price.Founded in 2012, 40-strong and growing rapidly, 70% of our staff started as interns and we really believe in giving the right people great opportunities.We’re backed by some of the most reputable VCs in Europe (Index Ventures and Octopus Investments) and hiring smart, hardworking people like there’s no tomorrow.Get to know us: realhumansofswooneditionsWe don't work with recruiters.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Declara is focused on bringing data to life. Our technology platform uses machine learning, search, algorithms and recommendations to develop learning paths for individuals, making learning a constant discovery.Learning isn't just our product, it's what we do everyday. Work with a small focused team. You'll push and be pushed. Tackle the toughest technical challenges as you create products that can transform organizations across the globe. Do something meaningful. We're changing how the world nurtures and develops talent. We are located in Palo Alto, Boise and Mexico.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Inviting inspirational individualsWe’re fast becoming a world-class company, making a massive impact to charities. We’re looking for top talent to join our growing London and Nottingham offices.5 Reasons to work for Raising IT1. Be part of a fast-moving tech companyWe love driving forwards innovation and everyone in the team contributes ideasWe’re still a small team, making a big difference2. Work with leading charitiesOur client list includes leading charities such as RSPCA, Macmillan and UNICEFEarn what you would elsewhere, but make millions for causes that count too3. Make a massive impact in the worldThe charity space is really struggling as government funding is decreasingThe future is web and social media and we are leading the way4. Have a huge opportunity not just a jobWe are onto something big, you will be a big part of it, not a corporate clogOur products have already hugely successful, but this is just the beginning5. Join a great, fun and friendly teamOur team is driven by the difference we are makingWe are passionate people that know how to work hard and have a good time
amvinc is one of the leading staffing companies in detroit michigan usa 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We are a PR and social media agency that goes ALL IN to create campaigns people can't stop talking about for major consumer brands. 
Declara is focused on bringing data to life. Our technology platform uses machine learning, search, algorithms and recommendations to develop learning paths for individuals, making learning a constant discovery.Learning isn't just our product, it's what we do everyday. Work with a small focused team. You'll push and be pushed. Tackle the toughest technical challenges as you create products that can transform organizations across the globe. Do something meaningful. We're changing how the world nurtures and develops talent. We are located in Palo Alto, Boise and Mexico.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Do you want to be part of a services company with both a proven record of success and planned growth? TriNet is a leading provider of a comprehensive human resources solution for small to medium-sized businesses. We enhance business productivity as a human resources partner, managing HR so clients can focus on operating and growing their core business. Our HR solution includes payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health and retirement plans and workers’ compensation. Our services are delivered by our expert teams of HR professionals and enabled by our proprietary, cloud-based technology platform, which allows clients and employees to efficiently conduct HR transactions anytime and anywhere.TriNet partners with more than 8,800 clients and 230,000+ employees. We’ve been on the Inc. 500|5000, a list of the fastest-growing privately-held U.S. companies for six consecutive years. Now we want to add you to our team of more than 1,800 colleagues across the U.S.
Jiffy Worldwide is the parent company of the Jiffy Group of Companies.   Jiffy operates a mobile application development company, a telecommunications company, a cellular telephone service in Canada and the US, amoung other ventures.   Jiffy employs nearly 500 employees and contractors globally.  
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Christopherson Business Travel is the independently owned leader in intelligent business travel management, online travel tools, and business travel resources. Ranked as the 11th largest business travel agency in the US, operating from four full-service locations (Salt Lake City, UT; Denver, CO; San Francisco, CA; Birmingham, AL) as well as 35 client-dedicated on-site locations, Christopherson employs more than 325 travel professionals and supports $384 million in annual travel bookings for more than 950+ companies and organizations across the country. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Money is a person-to-person money transfer app designed to simplify how people send money home to their friends and family abroad.Moni makes sending money as easy as sending a text message. It allows users to send money to a mobile number anywhere in the world. Anyone with a UK bank account and a UK mobile phone can download the Moni app and start sending money.It is a simple, convenient and secure way to send money in seconds without having to remember sort codes, or the account and IBAN numbers required for cross border payments. The founders were heads of Google Mobile and Yahoo! Mobile product team and is backed by TechStars - the #1 startup accelerator in the world. #URL_29641dd1fe6b250cedc9a7e61653352605c8b70d0aa132a1c94919ff5df7b578#We share space with other startups at 8 Warner Yard, EC1R 5EY 
Street Solutions, Inc. (SSI) develops software solutions for the secondary loan market.  Our clients are some of the most successful investment banks, hedge funds, and mortgage companies in the world. We're solidly profitable, with a transparent and relaxed small company environment, competitive pay, numerous perks, and a management team that is committed to providing our people with all the tools they need to succeed.
Blue Dot HR works with some of the best small businesses in New Zealand. 
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
At Nobilissimus Apps, we love creating apps people will love &amp; we enjoy every single moment of the process. Only then it makes sense. We intend to bring into life many great ideas &amp; we invest in even more.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Forward3D is the largest independent digital marketing agency in Britain. We run cutting edge digital marketing campaigns across paid search, natural search, display and social by using industry-leading linguistics and technology. Our localisation and origination service, Locaria, allows us to scale our clients' campaigns and content internationally. We cover an unequalled range of languages and have experience of running marketing campaigns in over 40 markets to date. Our in-house team of linguists localise content, keywords and copy to support the expansion of our clients’ businesses on a global scale. We started life in 2005 as “Traffic Broker”, an affiliate risking our own money. In the last nine years we have grown to over 200 in-house analysts, serving some of the world’s biggest brands and achieving ten million clicks per day, across 60 markets and in 45 languages. “Innovate every day” is our mantra, combined with an affinity for data and insightful analysis. We’ve stayed ahead of the curve by providing industry-leading apps and tech infrastructure to support our analysts. Forward3D is part of The Forward Internet Group - a fast-growing business with a portfolio of innovative brands that employs over 200 people in our Camden, New York, Shanghai and Seoul offices. As well as doubling revenues year on year for the last four years, we’ve picked up several accolades including The Sunday Times Tech Track 100, Deloitte Technology Fast 50 and National Business Awards.
Embarke is increasing email opens and clicks for marketers by 5-20%...automatically.  We do this by performing behavior analysis on each user, which allows us to deliver messages that are optimized for each individual and sent at the time each person is most likely to engage.Ultimately, we don't just give marketers more clicks and revenue. We give consumers content they actually want to engage with, reducing their desire to click the delete or spam button! We’re TechStars + Microsoft Accelerator graduates, we’re funded, have great benefits, a kegerator, and a 5000 sqft collaborative work environment with great views of downtown San Diego.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
About Jeri Davis InternationalWe are distinguished by the 80+ years combined experience of our senior level consultants and associates.  JDi’s hands-on experience provides an unparalleled depth and breadth of healthcare knowledge, networking capability and contacts which we bring to every assignment.  JDi stands apart due to the results achieved and the confidence clients develop working with us.JDi’s 20+ year success record is at your service to:Recruit top-notch executives quickly and efficientlyAccelerate revenue through our Total Solutions© Revenue Enhancement Program©Create first-rate sales teamsTransform sluggish sales and marketing efforts into to “high octane” performance-driven campaignsBrand and rebrand companies and product linesLaunch and sustain Web campaignsWhatever your needs, JDi can either provide you with services or refer you to those who can.  Call us today to plan for your next big success.
Nitor Infotech is an Information Technology company specialized in providing consulting and technology services in the areas of Business intelligence, collaboration, portals and performance management domain. Nitor Infotech does so by out-innovating themselves by providing efficient and cost effective solutions and by contributing to the improved business performance of its customers.We work with product organizations, consulting firms and professional services companies. Our skill areas include a niche competency on SharePoint technologies, SQL Server Business Intelligence and Performance Point Services.Our business model is to provide offshore based technology and business services to our customers.We are a Gold Certified partner of Microsoft. We provide the following application services – SaaS application development, cloud based development, Testing Services, application development and Support and Maintenance.Nitor InfoTech is SSAE 16 SOC 2 Type 1 Certified organization.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Citymart helps cities to transform their communities by strengthening their innovation capacity and sharing inspiring solutions and methods. We do this by helping cities to introduce problem-based procurement methods, which help engage a much wider community of vendors in solving urban and social challenges. As a result, cities invest less public resources to greater societal effect and increase local job creation through more entrepreneurship. To-date, we have completed more than 90 such programs with over 50 cities worldwide. 
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Zoottle is a startup founded by IT, Telco and Web services veterans with worldwide sales, marketing and services experience. Zoottle's mobile solutions enable its clients to capture customer information, improve customer engagement, analyse relevant metrics and increase revenues.  In Zoottle, we aim towards combining efficiency, results and customer satisfaction while at the same time maintaining a fun, open and cozy work environment.Zoottle has offices in London, UK and Athens, Greece.
PGI is a fast growing organic herb/spice/botanicals importing and production company that utilizes extensive food safety, handling and management practices to insure a quality product. 
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Hi!We are Monterail. A team of Ruby developers and designers who build meaningful software every day. We are looking for savvy people to join our team and help us build a better web.Learn more: #URL_074ed509d4e2d0cd70102126310076f09d8d71232d9d760bb7de93f50b88d7f6#
At Total Eclipse we create fun, original, and addictive games that are easy to learn yet hard to master. We have a strong history of game releases, with 9 shipped games in 10 years, across different genres and #URL_d09fcd5154ef7c470dcdf6a9151af4f73dbcc5bda134912e2dedf1da67449c12# purpose is to ‘Popularise Play’; we want to get more people to enjoy games as we believe that there is a potential gamer in each one of us.This is a truly exciting time for Total Eclipse! We are growing, and we intend to become one of the top brands in multiplatform casual gaming. Are you ready to be part of a small and agile team with a great vision? Then keep reading!Are we a good match?Every new addition to the team helps define Total Eclipse’s future, so we want to make sure we would be a good match for each other.  We have many of the good qualities of a startup, such as low bureaucracy and a flat hierarchy, a flexible, open working space and a motivated, talented team which aims to make millions of people’s lives more fun. We also have heaps of experience, having survived and thrived for years in a fiercely competitive environment. We embrace creativity, innovation, high quality, cooperation, teamwork and openness. We are not secretive; we enjoy exchanging knowledge not only among the team, but also with fellow game developers. Our industry changes rapidly and we must always stay on the cutting edge. We thirst for knowledge and have a passion for honing our skills and improving ourselves. We are team players, and are looking for more nice people who enjoy working as part of a tight team. We also value constructive feedback; it is a powerful tool to help make us and our games, better.  If you think in a similar way, you will feel right at home working with us. Take a look at our current openings and get in touch! Find out more about our company ethos!
NuORDER is the fast-growing, venture-backed startup changing the way a $130 billion industry does business.  An enterprise-class, wholesale e-commerce application for the fashion industry, NuORDER helps brands run their businesses in a smarter, smoother, more efficient way.  NuORDER is an innovative two-way sales solution and marketplace that allows brands and retailers to conduct their wholesale business online.  Eliminating the need for pen and paper, the cloud-based platform empowers brands to sell more in less time and allows retailers to make purchases more effectively.  In short, NuORDER is e-commerce for wholesale. Highlights Raised $13M+ in funding from top tier investors and industry veterans.Upfront Ventures (#URL_b16dc87b632726fe0c1c6c01c01d38e93f1fcf0414f6cf77caa60bd74b9c5ba1#) Greycroft Partners (#URL_e92f987773d20ba70d8539741ac1f9e142610a3a12331737e85f0700395bbc90#)Creative Artists Agency (www.caa.com)Cowboy Ventures (#URL_719340aef4872adc9cafd8b369168c5a0fce6645fb5a8149fb38b31ed893afc2#)Rachel Zoe (#URL_52b5abba2c7b281b3a6eb79e7e95d54175c4b8ef1b7bc7e204e2dc64b3eebd1e#) In under 2 years the company has scaled to working with over 500+ leading fashion bands and over 80,000 registered retailers.NuORDER’s raison d’être - To streamline and simplify fashion e-commerce. Join the revolution.
LADezign is a SEO/SEM firm located both in Los Angeles and Phoenix, Arizona.
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
Shape the Future.The Learning Lab is Singapore’s leading education brand.  We develop and run premier educational programs in English, Mathematics as well as the Biological and Physical Sciences at the pre-school, primary, secondary and pre-tertiary levels. Our distinctive and highly regarded brand of education is designed to ensure academic excellence and world-readiness.We take great pride in designing learning approaches which go beyond exams and curriculum, nurturing future leaders which make an impact on society. The group has recently launched The Learning Lab Junior as its flagship brand for premier pre-school enrichment.Chinese Lab is the group’s new flagship brand for premier Chinese enrichment and “China-readiness”. In line with its stated aim of grooming bicultural global citizens from young. It now offers enrichment and tutorial programs for primary, kindergarten and nursery age groups. It has plans to develop programs for secondary and pre-tertiary age groups.We are passionate about helping each student maximize their educational opportunities and fulfill their potential as future leaders. That is why we take pride in grooming students’ unique strengths and abilities. To do so, we go to great lengths to recruit the best talents in various fields - talents who believe in the same vision of shaping the future.Join us today and nurture the leaders of tomorrow.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
Interactive Strategies is a boutique digital agency whose strength lies in understanding the complex relationship that exists between strategy, design, content, usability, technology and marketing. By addressing each of these areas equally, we create meaningful web experiences that provide a measurable return for our clients. Each principal at Interactive Strategies comes from a large agency background where they helped shape online strategies for leading firms, including First USA/Bank One, DuPont, Accenture, Bacardi, Budget/Avis, Royal Caribbean, Ford and more. Now working together, each member of Interactive Strategies’ team is committed to providing superior client service and attention to detail.
Come be a part of one of the fastest growing, well-funded and exciting startups in Silicon Valley.  Peel makes the world’s leading smart remote app which turns your mobile device into a universal remote control. Our technology is preloaded on many of the world’s top-selling Android devices.  Peel’s audience is at 60 million and doubling every six months with 3 billion+ remote commands handled every month.   Help us revolutionize the TV viewing experience and achieve our goal of becoming the universal controller for the internet of things.Peel is driven by design and a passion for developing brilliant user experiences. We simplify complex problems, then surprise and delight. Prior to starting at Peel, members of the team helped create some of the best products available today, including iTunes, iPhoto, Netflix, Roku, Avid, and Final Cut Pro. We're a fun company that works hard, but understands the value of well balanced professional and personal lives. Away from work, we raise wonderful young families, race cars, sail boats, play instruments, and go on adventures in outer space… Well, maybe we all just dream about that last one… On the job, we come in charged and focussed on changing the industry, forever. We want to work with like-minded creative and talented people. If you want to change the world and the face of entertainment, we want to hear from you!
Openfund is a seed investment fund, working with technology companies that deliver innovative software products.Our portfolio companies are growing fast, constantly creating jobs that offer intellectual challenge, great career potential and exposure to world-class work practices. Ambitious people with a passion for what they do and a commitment to make it happen are always in high demand.If you'd like to work for a startup, you're in the right place. Openfund portfolio founders keep an eye on applications submitted here to pick outstanding individuals for new hires they wish to make. If you think you have what it takes, check out our current openings.
WillDom is a top notch IT Outsourcing Business Ecosystem, where each member contributes in creating world class value. With offices in Silicon Valley, Buenos Aires and Bolivia we work with the most demanding clients in the US, Europe and Latin America.
Pioneering advanced analytics vendor RapidMiner is redefining how business analysts use Big Data to predict the future. With an open source heritage, RapidMiner is one of today’s most widely known and used predictive analytics platforms, providing powerful solutions for a wide variety of industries.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Controller Chaos opened for business in early 2008 to fill a void we saw in the gaming world - quality modded controllers. Our goal wasn’t just to provide gamers with quality controllers that were outfitted with all the latest technology, we wanted to provide gamers with the largest selection of modded controllers AND back it with exceptional customer service.Since then, we have grown almost as quickly as our customer base has. We have established ourselves as an industry leader and are accredited by the Better Business Bureau as a registered corporation in the state of Missouri. 
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Community Action Partnership of Ramsey &amp; Washington Counties (Community Action) was established in 1964 as a program of the War on Poverty. Community Action Agencies became the service delivery arm of the Federal Office of Economic Opportunity. As the only continuously funded anti-poverty program in the country, our mission is to reduce poverty and its impact on people in Ramsey and Washington counties.Community Action is involved in grassroots public policy and community engagement activities, such as voter registration drives, legislative hearings, advocacy and education activities. 
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
We build digital companies with creative technology.Backbone is a digital web agency that specializes in developing dynamic and interactive websites and web-based applications.Founded over 10 years ago in Vancouver, B.C., our business has since grown to include offices in Bogotá and Athens. We are experts in digital strategy, world-class web development and design, as well as producing effective content and managing cutting-edge social media campaigns.We take enormous pride in the relationships we share with our clients, and that we always provide outstanding service with a local feel to companies that span the globe.SpecialtiesCustom Development, Web Design, Online Strategy, eCommerce Strategy, CMS, SEO, Social Media Marketing, BrandingWebsite: #URL_9e1e5adb24c4fa64bf5850ee9b958be93a7a2c5bc8d283d849ebc97ee1a14347#
#URL_31fdc354999cbb96507ebbe4e9c4aa7eed5edd0dd1c0816b36e0f4c681f01fac# is a marketplace for Bitcoin, everyone’s favourite cryptocurrency. The site is one of the most popular person-to-person bitcoin exchange places in the world, now growing at the pace of 1000 new users a day. As Bitcoin is a currency without borders, so is our site: the users come from over 200 different countries.LocalBitcoins Oy, the parent company of the site, is cash flow positive, bootstrapped and has not raised any venture capital yet.Currently we have four people working full-time on the site, and several freelancers/contractors. We are looking to grow explosively. Our goal is to bring Bitcoin everywhere in the world. We need the most ambitious and brightest minds to achieve this. International background is a big plus as all of our customers are and will be outside Finland.Our offices are located at Kalasatama area, Helsinki, named as one of the hottest startup cities by Wired Magazine. We wish that you could be present at the office at least two weeks per month, except for international support personnel who can work in their corresponding countries.As we are a startup, our positions are more directional than specific. Flexibility, ability to step out from your comfort zone and open-mindedness is a good attitude for this job. Also interest in Bitcoin and similar crypto-tech is definitely a plus!
Red Star Yeast Company LLC (RSYC), a leader in the Yeast Manufacturing Industry, is a joint venture between Lesaffre Yeast Corporation and ADM. Red Star Yeast is proud to operate a state of the art facility that opened its doors in 2005 in Cedar Rapids, IA as the largest fresh yeast manufacturing facility in North America. The Lesaffre Yeast Corporation has been providing quality yeast products since 1853 and is the world leader in yeast and yeast extracts with a presence in more than 40 countries worldwide.Red Star Yeast Company LLC’s success comes from strong values, passion for excellence in our yeast business, and partnership with its employees and customers.Dedication - Is the main ingredient of our past and future successes.Professional - Is who we are.Responsible - To our customers, fellow employees, families and communities.Pride - Is what we feel about our products, know-how and technology.Respect - Is what keeps us focused and united.
 Who is Ramberg Associates? Ramberg Associates is a specialist medical recruitment consultancy based in, Sydney, Australia, that is fast becoming a widely respected provider of health care professionals world-wide. Ramberg’s team works closely with public and private hospitals to deliver the best medical practitioners across a broad range of specialities and sub-specialities. Our commitment to excellence in supplying services to clients and candidates means we are rapidly expanding in the Australian and New Zealand markets. Our success has led us to plan office bases in the UK, North America and the United Arab Emirates in the coming year. Through our broad network of clients and candidates Ramberg Associates is building its reputation on the ability to place the right person in the right place on a consistent basis in as many places in the world as possible. Medical staff recruited by Ramberg Associates Medical staff on Ramberg Associates’ exclusive database range from resident house offices, senior consultant physicians and medical directors to allied health professionals and nurses. We recruit across all specialities and sub specialties. These include: AnaesthesiaAccident &amp; EmergencyCardiologyCardiothoracicENTGeneral SurgeryGeriatricsHaematologyObstetrician and GynaecologyOrthopaedicsOncologyPaediatrics/neonatologyPsychiatryNeurologyRadiologyRenalUrologyGPsRamberg medical staff have broad international experience with training and certification gained in the United Kingdom, United States, Ireland, South Africa, the Dominions, Canada, as well as Australia and New Zealand. These staff are rigorously screened and reference checked to ensure their qualifications are of the highest calibre. The Ramberg Associates team believed it’s a privilege to benefit the communities where our medical staff work, therefore we take the time to discuss with them their goals, aspirations and needs so they are placed in positions that bring the best outcome for themselves, their families and communities that employ them. Our services include: Sourcing appropriate medical staff for permanent and locum positionsThoroughly screening and reference checking candidatesEnsuring the integrity of our medical staffs’ intentions to commit to positions they acceptGuiding and coordinating medical council registrationAssisting with immigrationRetained search and selectionAssisting in guiding medical staff in their relocation
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
Mashape is the largest, most trafficked API marketplace/hub in the world.Mashape is a revenue generating startup powering thousands of APIs (both private and public) and Applications - it’s used in almost 100 countries by thousands of developers and adopted in every major industry including finance, healthcare, military, agriculture, insurance, government, media, e-commerce, retail, aviation, manufacturing and telecom.Mashape is funded by tier 1 VC firms including Index Ventures, NEA, CRV, Stanford University, Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Franq is a POS development house. We are part of a larger business called ImPOS.We provide point of sale solutions to small, medium and large businesses. We have existing POS software, developed in-house, that is super successful in the market - that is ImPOS. We also have Franq, which is what you will be working on. You won't find Franq online at this time. To get an idea of our business visit #URL_1d39a178fee9b20e8796bd3a7c2c6d3bad02606fae20fb4516f251915b70a7d0# and then have a look around the rest of the site.
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
CloudSymphony is a leading European Salesforce Consulting Partner. Over the past two years, CloudSymphony has built an enviable reputation and is now the leading Salesforce Foundation Partner in the UK and the most recommended Partner to the UK Charity and Education sectors.
Working at FBNAt FBN, we put farmers first. For every decision we make, we consider its impact on farmers big and small. Only after this has been considered will we consider the impact of our decisions on FBN, followed by our fellow team members, and finally ourselves. Before making a decision, we listen to farmers and learn about how implementing it will impact them.While making a decision or working on a project, we prefer working in small teams to make sure our employees feel empowered and own their decisions. Finally, after our decisions are made, we communicate those decisions to our farmers and to the rest of the team.FBN employees are a diverse group with a common passion for agriculture. We respect humility, value honesty, and despise entitlement. We see farmers as hackers and entrepreneurs, able to fix things with duct tape and baling wire while predicting the weather and analysing their financial position on the commodities market. Just like farmers, we believe that if something is broken, it’s better to fix it than to complain about it.All FBN employees, regardless of the position, will spend meaningful time visiting farms, to meet with some of our founding and network farmers in order to discuss their equipment and data collection practices.As a Silicon Valley based company with a Midwestern culture, we believe in the power of getting things done, and understand that creativity is fostered by trust and the ability to focus. As a result, meetings are avoided and we respect everyone’s right to at least one day a week without meetings. Thursdays are considered “no meeting days.”Finally, there are no shrinking violets here. The team consists of many people with deep experience in agriculture, technology, data science, machine learning, physics among other areas. So be prepared to offer opinions!Interviewing at FBNOur interview panels are as diverse as our employees. You may be expected to interview with an agronomist, a physicist, a data scientist, and because of our strong focus on farmers, we expect every FBN candidate to interview with one of our founding farmers, advisory board members or network members. As a result, our interviews will take you out of your comfort zone. Be prepared to be asked to solve hard problems that may seem daunting, to be asked questions that will test your curiosity, and to meet really awesome people.If FBN sounds like a place where you would like to work and if you're excited about making a difference in the lives of thousands of farmers, take a look at our current openings.
One Design Company is a digital design, strategy and development agency. We’ve called Chicago our home for nearly a decade, nurturing strong roots in the local art, design and development communities. We work on all sorts of projects for organizations and businesses from the small, local, and boutique to some of the largest companies (and brands) in the world.
Emergence Capital Partners, based in San Mateo, Calif., is the leading venture capital firm focused on early and growth-stage business cloud companies. Its mission is to empower business users and organizations around the globe by funding leading business applications. The firm's investments include companies such as #URL_8d92932a488fb7e172d73a0f6813d06d464f1f03705d2825f86b2c7947d60a86# (CRM), SuccessFactors (SFSF), Veeva Systems (VEEV), Yammer (acquired by Microsoft), Box, and Lithium. Emergence Capital has $575 million under management. More information on Emergence Capital can be found at #URL_c1c2ff2c784f5b34d6816df3acbecf4c52ee5564750f4e4d142a1cfb59696b7d#.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Glide was founded in 2012 by Ari Roisman, Jonathan Caras and Adam Korbl - three successful entrepreneurs who live thousands of miles from many of their family members and friends. Frustrated by the difficulties communicating across time zones, they created an instant video messaging platform that allows friends and family members to stay in touch with the ease of texting and personality of video chat.
Sparkol is a growing software company based outside of Bristol, UK.We specialise in making unique tools that help people get their message across without any design or technical know-how. The Sparkol team comprises talented developers, designers, writers, musicians and support staff.Our main product, VideoScribe, enables our users to create engaging whiteboard-style animations quickly and easily. It's used by thousands of business people, marketers, illustrators, video professionals, teachers and students, as well as regular folk with stories to tell.VideoScribe is available for desktop as well as iPad and Android apps.
#URL_25e85371e7108e279a4b25d6e965889a44917879b7b587c905714ef30f933cb8# is a young, growing e-commerce company with our eyes on the future.  Ever since our launch in 2005, we've been growing year after year.  Homegrown in Athens, GA, UberPrints runs its customer service and production operations just behind downtown.  We're now looking to expand our reach by opening an Atlanta office to house our business development, IT, and creative teams. 
MediaMonks is the biggest creative digital production company on the planet. We specialize in working for and with advertising agencies to craft amazing digital work for global brands. You can find us anywhere on the Web as well as in Amsterdam, London, LA, New York and Singapore.MediaMonks boasts an in-house team of 250 Monks that are versed in an infinite range of digital disciplines, collectively covering anything you could possibly throw at a digital campaign. Our award-winning capabilities include film, games and mobile and are recognized by over fifty institutions worldwide, including Cannes, Eurobest, the Webbys and the Awwwards.MediaMonks, est. 2001, is a member of SoDA and part of the FWA Hall of Fame. Catch our latest showreel at #URL_9ae12c3d274cab9516c33a92a00900561d083cecea1571d12dd251f5d12c1608#.OpeningsInterested in joining this club of digital artisans? Check out our vacancies and tell us why we should hook up right away. We tend to care less about paper qualifications and more about hands-on experience, so be sure to provide us with a portfolio or other feat of arms. Nothing that matches your skill set? We have awesome jobs for awesome people. Simply tell us about yourself and your trade and we may dream up your digital dream job (or internship) just like that.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
GlobalWebIndex runs the world's largest study on the digital consumer, supplying behavioural data to the advertising industry so brands and agencies can make better marketing decisions.We profile 89% of the global internet audience, 4 times a year across 32 countries. Founded in 2009, we are a vibrant group of analysts, developers, sales and marketing people with a passion for telling great stories with data.  We are looking for action-orientated people that want to help us define the next era of data-driven marketing.Clients include Google, Twitter, Microsoft, Group M, Omnicom Media Group, Starcom MediaVest, ZenithOptimedia, Digitas, R/GA, AKQA, Sony, Unilever and Nestlé.
We’ve bitten off one of the greatest online challenges – using social data to improve customer experience – and turned it into a few apps that start driving revenue right out of the box.If you’re determined like that, we should talk.We want developers who like turning thorny technical puzzles into startlingly simple solutions.And we want salespeople who wake up in the morning with a drive to improve websites’ results.Intent HQ’s audience intelligence technology is in high demand, and we’re constantly extending the capabilities (again, increasing demand). So we need smart people more or less constantly.
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
Brand Apps is a exciting, young company that creates mobile apps to help small businesses promote themselves.  We are passionate about the mobile world and dedicated to promoting the benefits that this emerging technology can bring to ordinary businesses.
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
Lesaffre Yeast Corporation is a French privately owned company that has been the worldwide leader in yeast manufacturing for the past 10 years. In 2013, the company celebrated its 160th anniversary. Yeast manufacturing is more of a passion for the family who owns the company than it is a business. To excel at Yeast manufacturing like Lesaffre does, it requires hiring talented people who are knowledgeable and skilled in microbiology, biotechnology, mathematics, food processing, automation, people management and most of all who can learn and teach Lesaffre’s know-how. The Lesaffre Group has been leading the worldwide yeast manufacturing industry because of passion, know-how and superior technology.Lesaffre manufactures and sells “fresh” bakers yeast, also called wet yeast, and we serve a base of industrial bakeries as well as bakers compressed Yeast, Instant High Active Yeast, Active Dry Yeast, Distillers ADY, Protected ADY other type of specialty #URL_8ead3a909a01e46bf54d799760864575097f4be44f1453ac5a4183c634707458# addition, Lesaffre has separate business units which sell into the Nutritional industry; Animal Feed Industry; Beer, Wine and Whiskey Industry; Renewable Chemicals and Ethanol Industry; and Flavor Enhancer Industry. 
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
At Founders we create companies. We are are a team of people who constantly work and experiment with business models applying our Creation Process to build new businesses. During the process, we partner with individuals who will become co-founders and ultimately CEOs of the businesses. We are not an incubator, nor a venture capital firm. We are simply a company that creates companies.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Zoottle is a startup founded by IT, Telco and Web services veterans with worldwide sales, marketing and services experience. Zoottle's mobile solutions enable its clients to capture customer information, improve customer engagement, analyse relevant metrics and increase revenues.  In Zoottle, we aim towards combining efficiency, results and customer satisfaction while at the same time maintaining a fun, open and cozy work environment.Zoottle has offices in London, UK and Athens, Greece.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
PowerbyProxi and its customers are leading a revolution to deliver unplugged power. We have changed the way electricity is delivered in hostile industrial environments. We are now also developing wireless charging technology for consumer electronics and have an impressive portfolio of clients consisting of electronics heavyweights from around the world. PowerbyProxi was spun out of The University of Auckland in 2007 to commercialize cutting edge research undertaken by its internationally acclaimed scientists and engineers. As a pioneer in the design and development of turnkey wireless power solutions, PowerbyProxi eliminates the need for a physical or frictional power connection. We provide our customers with unplugged solutions that solve continuity of delivery and maintenance pain points, create unique competitive advantages, deliver significant cost savings and secure product design wins.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Stokes Automotive Group-Beaufort is a family owned and operated dealer group in Beaufort, SC.  Stokes is the leader in the automotive market of the Low Counrty in South Carolina offering new Toyota and Honda vehicles as well as over 1000 used vehicles while delivering a Truly Exceptional Experience to our customers.  We strive to put our customers first and make purchasing and servicing a vehicle a fast, fun, and easy experience.Our team is equipped with State of the Art facilites and the highest tech equipment on the market that makes Stokes stand out above the rest.  Come join our winning team!
Our mission is to bring the world's best-loved local restaurants into everyone's home or office - fast.We work with hundreds of the UK's best loved restaurants, including names like Carluccio's, GBK, Nando's, Rossopomodoro and many top quality independents to deliver their food to homes and offices everywhere. Our customers are as passionate about great food as we are, including an ever-growing number of large and prestigious firms.Being part of our team comes with many perks, one of which - you guessed it - is food. Every Friday, we order lunch for the entire team from some of our great restaurants, and throughout the week we can often be found tasting food from a new restaurant on our platform (waffles on a Tuesday afternoon, anyone?). Beyond all the amazing food, we have a fun and entrepreneurial culture where street smarts, creativity and a can-do attitude are paramount. But it's not all just hard work - we are a tight-knit team and can often be found getting a drink together after work.With offices in London and Chicago and backed by one of Europe's top venture capital firms, Index Ventures, we are growing quickly. So come and change food delivery with us!
Wir sind ein junges Berliner Mobile-Startup, das Meinungen und Unterhaltung innovativ zusammenbringt. Mit unserer Android-App TimeZapp beantworten unsere Nutzer Fragen unterhaltsam und einfach. Unsere App wird mit Begeisterung aufgenommen. Jetzt suchen wir für den Ausbau unseres großartigen Teams in Berlin engagierte Teammitglieder.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Casper is a sleep startup that re-imagines the experience of purchasing a mattress. We launched in April 2014 with an outrageously comfortable mattress designed by former IDEO and NASA product engineers and sold directly to consumers – eliminating commission-driven, inflated prices. We provide free shipping with delivery right to your door in a mini-fridge sized box and a 100 days money-back policy. We generated over $1 million in 28 days following our launch and have raised nearly $15m in venture funding led by NEA with participation from leading investors including Lerer Ventures, SV Angel, and Ashton Kutcher.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore &amp; India. . We offers a comprehensive list of services in the field of IT infrastructure management, Cloud services, IT Consulting Services, Banking, Management Resources, Information Technology Development, Telecom, Aviation, Retail Management &amp; Government offerings.
Graphs are everywhere. From websites adding social capabilities to Telco’s providing personalized customer services to innovative bioinformatics research, organizations are adopting graph databases as the best way to model and query connected data. Neo Technology researchers have pioneered graph databases since 2000 and have been instrumental in bringing the power of the graph to numerous organizations worldwide, including 25 Global 2000 customers, such as Cisco, HP, Accenture, Deutsche Telekom, and Telenor. Serving customers in production for over a decade, Neo4j is the world’s leading graph database with the largest ecosystem of partners and tens of thousands of successful deployments.Neo Technology is a privately held company funded by Fidelity Growth Partners Europe, Sunstone Capital and Conor Venture Partners, and is headquartered in San Mateo, CA, with offices in Sweden, UK, Germany, and Malaysia. For more information, please visit #URL_037405d1fc6ccc5d2e9a34b60a242f1fa611220c23b9ddd495a526bd2aa0814a#
At SMGI we believe that 'Our People are the Difference'. Working for SMGI is a great opportunity for our employees to learn and grow in their career, while supporting clients in communities where they live. Our company pledge to our clients is "Your Satisfaction is our Success." Our ability to accomplish this goal is based primarily on the people we hire.There is no firm like SMGI. We employ only the most qualified individuals—and they choose to remain with us for many years. We have one of the lowest turnover rates in the industry. This is a result of our commitment to our team. Only satisfied employees can provide the exceptional customer service our clients deserve.At SMGI we have a unique pay structure. Employees have the opportunity to take classes and additional training to increase their base wage. Our employees learn and grow with us. As a result, our clients receive the best service in the industry. In addition, we develop and promote our security officers into supervisory and management positions at SMGI. Our employees have career advancement opportunities that are real and attainable. We recruit highly qualified and highly skilled personnel, including professionals from the private sector as well as former U.S. military and law enforcement. We search for people of the highest caliber; accountability, integrity and professionalism.At SMGI, "Our People are the Difference."
Founded at the beginning of 2013, the startup #URL_1126a42ca4e3346cc3e1a08fbb8e4c3f867169c63a14fc3710ba1f37c6c0e928# is a platform dedicated to nighttime activities.Alongside this, the startup offers services to events professionals and advertisers.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
Local Projects is a media design firm for museums and public spaces. While innovation drives much of today’s design, we’re interested in creating projects that endure.We’re reinventing public space through media, creating meaning and connections in places as diverse as Memorials, Times Square, and art installations.  We focus on engaging audiences through emotion and technology, developing new ways for people to interact with art, cities and one another.  We gather stories through collaborative storytelling projects, and between Storycorps, the 9/11 Memorial Museum and Change By Us, we have brought forth over 100,000 individuals’ stories and memories, sharing them with the world and touching millions of lives.Local Projects has won top prize for every major design award including the National Design Award for Interaction Design, Fast Company Masters of Design, Webby Gold, Muse Gold and AIGA Gold. They were #2 on Fast Company’s 2011 list for most innovative design studios and were named to the 2012 Public Interest 100, for people working in the Public Interest, alongside Bill Clinton and the Knight Foundation.
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
SilverStripe CMS &amp; Framework is an open source platform of web development tools. The platform is curated by SilverStripe, an international web development company and supported by a vibrant online community. We take pride in being a locally owned New Zealand company, founded by three people passionate about the limitless possibilities of the web. They share a vision - to reshape business through the web. Top developersSilverStripe is one of New Zealand’s top developers of websites and web applications. We’ve been in business since 2000 and in that time we’ve gone from strength to strength. Our technical expertise has earned us a solid reputation around the world and because of the leading edge work we do, we are able to attract and retain a wide range of talented and dedicated people from within New Zealand and abroad.Open sourceWe are strong advocates of open source software. Our flagship product, SilverStripe Content Management System (CMS), is a free, open source download, alongside SilverStripe Framework, the powerful core underpinning the CMS. We have seen strong growth in adoption of our software around the globe. Many of our larger customers are now developing unique and novel solutions on top of SilverStripe and are integrating our software deep into their own product offerings.Core values &amp; kick ass cultureYou will be working alongside super smart designers, developers and project managers. They’ll share their love of the craft with you and help you grow your skills. There are plenty of opportunities for learning — we pay for developers to attend the usual range of conferences and meetups, and we hold our own internal monthly Hack Day and Show &amp; Tell talks.SilverStripe is big on things like building trusting relationships, sharing ideas, being open, using technology to solve important problems, and helping others reach their goals. We actively foster a culture that supports these core values. Our culture kicks ass.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
ECG Studio is a process design and visual communication consultancy empowering change makers.ECG Studio fuses business process management with collaborative consulting and visual communications to create deeply engaging business improvement solutions teams love. This unique approach equips change makers with a business partner who's sole focus is aligning business and technical teams, driving process innovation and inspiring actions that deliver process improvement. If you are interested in learning how you might contribute as either a contractor, freelancer or full-time team member, please email a cover letter and resume or CV to #EMAIL_8e0ae6eb938f8c6caf7ae4a7eb690eb77bdb183871514da9ad9dda7fa5a9606e#.
#URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7# is a modern online travel agency that was founded in Athens in 2005. Today, our company is one of the leading online travel agencies in Greece with presence in over 25 countries in Europe, Asia and America; offices in Athens, Bucharest and Sao Paulo.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Welcome to our Careers section. Please review the positions we are currently hiring for and apply to the ones that interest you.Founded in 2011, YantraNet enables organizations to connect, monitor and manage networked devices and applications and implement highly interactive and innovative Self-Service, Digital Signage and M2M solutions.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Fabrily makes it easy for campaigners/communities/charities/causes/artists. etc… to raise funds and awareness with custom merchandising (T-shirts, Hoodies, iPhone covers, etc…) Users design a merchandise with Fabrily’s help and sell it to their network/community. Fabrily handles the printing and shipping and give the profits back to the sellers. It is absolutely free for the sellers to use.This 60 second video explains how it works – #URL_39f7a1fd2a9c4e06693f732e976b7ec6011a6484aa0363b7a85cf5f2968742d5#
Based in Hoxton, London, Forward Partners are a “startup catalyst”, combining investment with practical hands-on expertise and insight.We're investors in very early stage ecommerce companies.  Our team have the experience to enable entrepreneurs to succeed.  We do more than advise and mentor. We help the best entrepreneurs quickly find a great product-market fit with our expertise in customer discovery, coding, design, customer acquisition, testing and analysis as well as offering office space.Companies invested in include: Hailo, Zopa, Wool and the Gang, Thread, Big Health, Stylect, Makers Academy, Blik Book, DriftRock, Top10, SnapTrip, Loyalty Bay and Appear Here
If you’re looking to start a career at a fast-paced, innovative company with tons of opportunity, then look no further than eCommHub. We are one of the fastest growing companies in Atlanta and are always looking for motivated and talented individuals to join our team.We are a venture-backed company including $3MM in investment from top-tier investors like Sig Mosley, Sigma Prime, and UPS. We are located in the heart of midtown Atlanta, with our office being in prime walking distance (don't worry, we have parking!) to many local venues, bars, and eateries (we're near the Fox Theatre and Georgia Tech).Working at an early-stage company like eCommHub as we go through our growth phase is a rare opportuntity that not many people get to experience in their careers. You will get exposure to the different areas of the busineses from sales, support, engineering, marketing, and more. We strongly believe in each person having ownership of their area and integrity is the backbone of our culture. If there's one thing we can guarantee, it's that you will not find a better learning experience anywhere else (and it will be the ride of your life).If that's not enough, check out our excessive benefits:Competitive salary WITH stock option packagesHealthcare coverage and insurance options (health, vision, AND dental)Short-term and Long-term Disability Premiums (not every company does this)401(k) programAn allowance for gear you need to be productive (e.g. MacBook Pro, huge monitor)Catered lunches once a weekPaid vacation and flexible working hoursGym membership allowanceCompany sponsored tech talks and happy hoursOpportunity to meet the best advisors and mentors in the industry
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
OgilvyOne worldwide, Athens was established in 1987. The company provides Digital, CRM and Promotional services to Greek and International clients.OgilvyOne Athens has been named both Digital and Direct Agency of the Year in Greece for 2012 and for 2013. During the last 6 years, it has been the most awarded agency for each year, at Greece's annual advertising awards, winning more than 200 "Ermis Awards", including 14 Grand Ermis.The agency's work, has also won awards for its results, including 4 Effie Awards Hellas.OgilvyOne Athens is the most awarded Greek agency abroad, winning international awards at Cannes Lions, CLIO Awards,One Show Entertainment, the London International Awards, the New York Festivals and IAB's MIXX Awards.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Το #URL_bb79581a561837ad604b8fc4ab629753b36407cc3bc76c42e6e46d74bb78eba2# είναι μία επαγγελματική διαδικτυακή πλατφόρμα μέσω της οποίας έρχονται σε επαφή εργοδότες και Δουλευταράδες για την εκτέλεση μιας εργασίας ή για τη σύναψη μιας νέας συνεργασίας. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Mailjet is a market leading Email Service Provider with over 25 000 clients and rapidly expanding across Europe and abroad due to its innovative approach in offering speed, deliverability and insight to sending emails through an unparalleled user experience and  comprehensive set of APIs.We currently have offices in France, UK, Germany, Belgium, Spain and Canada and are looking for the next wave of business and technical talent to accelerate our expansion and reach our aggressive goals.We are currently hiring for the following positions based out of our headquarters in the heart of Paris and abroad. If you think you have what it takes to be a part of a fast moving and dynamic team, contact us today.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
Solutions3 is a woman-owned small business whose focus is IT Service Management using best of breed technology and implementing industry best practices following the ITIL® framework. We work extensively in the areas of planning, design, architecting, assessing, implementing and training on technology solutions.Solutions3 focus areas include: Enterprise Network &amp; Systems Management (architecture and implementation), IT Service Management including the Service Desk and associated process definitions (Incident &amp; Problem Management, Change &amp; Configuration Management, Service Level Management), the Configuration Management Database (CMDB), IT Asset Management, and Alert/Event Management. We focus on best of breed technology and follow industry best practices, including ITIL® and ISO20000.We have a strong focus on training and knowledge transfer associated with our solutions. Many of our resources are course developers and instructors for many of our vendor partners. Our practitioner experience comes into the training environment with us.We have a strong set of core values based on Biblical principles that include great integrity, high ethics and always striving for excellence.  We are always seeking those candidates who want to work for an amazing technology company, make a difference and be a part of something great for the long term.
As a maestro commands notes, instruments and timing to produce a symphony, an ideal website content management system (CMS) addresses the ever-changing desires and needs of its users and stakeholders to deliver ideal customer experience management (CEM) and engagement.   Simple [A] orchestrates CMS/CEM implementation making it possible for websites to become living, breathing entities that change and flex nimbly with different users, behaviors and marketing objectives.  Simple [A] specializes in integration of web content management and customer experience platforms. We focus on #URL_d36790501e43b324baf7fc86080b70fb424848803b4af6e6302919eda5147621# solutions and partner with Ektron, Kentico, and Sitecore. We also work with solutions using complementary WCMS platforms.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Zylun’s mission is to help small and medium size enterprises take advantage of a highly skilled global workforce in a simple and cost effective way. We help companies flexibly hire a staff overseas comprised of developers, designers, Internet marketers, managers, and customer service representatives. Zylun Staffing takes pride in not only providing simple and effective services, but ensuring dedicated employees to fit our clients’ exact needs. We have career opportunities from administrative IT, graphic design, SEO, data entry, sales agents, chat agents, and customer representatives. Zylun is an American owned and operated company headquartered in 210 North 1200 East, Suite 101 Lehi, Utah 84043, with American management heading its offshore operations.
IntrinsicTel operates as a call center, performing many call center functions such as: collections, consumer billing, customer service, technical support, and survey request. IntrinsicTel is also a debt purchaser and may agree to purchase your debt from the original creditor to help you resolve your delinquent account. From time to time our company accepts the responsibility to provide consumer billing solutions prior to collection services.
Crest Financial is one of the leading privately held consumer financing companies in the United States. Crest blends the use of innovative technology with a simple to use application process to drive revenue for thousands of retailers. Retailers love our product and our people -- we are growing the business rapidly and we need more great people to join the team!
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Entertainment everywhere.  Operating under the StarzPlay brand, Playco Ltd., delivers a premium video-on-demand service.  We believe that the home entertainment experience should be available for everyone everywhere. We bridge our cutting-edge technology with in-demand TV series, top quality movies, and a large range of children's programming to reinvent, redefine &amp; shape the viewing experience. Our site allows subscribing users to access premium entertainment content from across the globe. Gone are the days of waiting an entire season to watch your favorite series, as viewers will have access to in-demand, exclusive day-and-date premieres, along with a large selection of movies and box office releases.Playco is currently present in 2 continents with plans to become increasingly global. We encourage and support our employees who wish to relocate to other Playco offices, as we believe that international mobility strengthens and shapes the international culture of Playco.Learn more about us on LinkedIn Do you have what it takes to work with us?Self-startersCreative thinkersProblem-solvers (not problem-identifiers)Affinity for working in teams Sense of humor A MUST!A fine appreciation of TV and film (we might ask for a detailed list)
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
EVH is a fashion, lifestyle, design and luxury communications, digital, events and sales agency.  With integrity and intelligence, we work as an extension of our clients to build and secure their presence in the marketplace.Based in Sydney but with an international reach, EVH is known for positioning, pioneering and protecting brands through a considered, strategic approach to sales and communications process. As brand guardians, we work closely alongside our diverse range of clients to create specialised campaigns that meet their individual short and long term brand and business goals.Our deep understanding and influence in the Australian market within the context of the global industry sets us apart from other communications businesses. This intrinsic knowledge combined with years of experience has cemented us as the go-to agency for both emerging and larger global brands. Our clients are selected for their integrity and attributes in innovation, design and business.The EVH network is unrivalled and extends beyond fashion, hospitality and the retail environment into the worlds of design, culture, art and entertainment. We offer an in-house specialist and personable approach to each client with whom we engage.
Acknowledgement helps brands and organisations achieve their ambition through digital innovation and digital transformation.We combine business insight and analysis, original creative thinking, first class user centric design and technology implementation, marketing services and 24/7/365 technical operational capability to create robust, innovative and cost effective solutions that deliver significant business results for our clients.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Can data be a thing of beauty? We think so.At Seabourne, we build web applications that consolidate, integrate, and visualize data. Our dedicated project teams partner with our clients to achieve astounding results. Happy clients and cohesive teams are no accident—we have a delivery model that is tried and true and our established team of experts are cheered on to showcase their passion and know-how. We are excited about the work we do because we are building data solutions for clients who require brilliance, flexibility, and creativity. We solve real problems, making a real difference, one project at a time.One endeavor we were proud to be a part of was building the World Resource Institute’s climate change data visualization tool, Cait 2.0. This tool gives users easy access to (literally) a world of comparative climate data. Projects like these combine our expertise with our values while serving our clients and our communities.We are builders, designers, thinkers, collaborators, and over-achievers. We believe the most passionate associates also make time for family, laughter, and serenity. Our science is delivering data solutions with flair; our art is making it look easy.Interested in joining our team? We'd love to hear from you.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Orange County Tech Recruiters is based in Orange County and focuses on finding full time technical talent for clients in California with particular emphasis on OC, LA, SF and San Diego.  We are a small focused team and each of us have 20+ years in technology and technology recruiting.  Please see our LinkedIn profiles and recommendations below: Robert Ardell - #URL_b6d48964c0b9b0074359c7a207623fd2360c853a418da3bfa1c6c18f79a1a6f6#Jake Villarreal - #URL_8bfb8c2cfcf91aeb1253da2a322b5617a4f92bd358eb0badeefafa67450370af#
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Primesoft Inc is a fast growing IT consulting, services and outsourcing firm. We Provide IT consulting services to support clients in solving their business problems and increasing their operational efficiency by integrating and leveraging existing and new systems. We combine our in-depth domain knowledge with expertise in cutting edge information technology to deliver high-impact solutions that add value to the bottom-line of our clients. We also have strong domain expertise in Healthcare, Insurance and Financial verticals.
FeedMe is an online multimedia food network connecting foodies and culinary experts in a way that they have never connected before. We feature culinary professionals and industry leaders, from chefs to artisans and give them a channel to showcase their food media, connect with foodies, create and share content on a platform dedicated to the culinary industry.
Join Our TeamIf you are interested in joining a fun and fast paced environment while growing your personal skills as well, please send us a resumé and a quick explanation of how you think you would be a great fit for HLT. We have listed a few positions we are specifically looking to fill, but we are always looking for anyone who could help us grow!HLT Mission:To empower students by creating the most innovative, captivating and successful education platform.Our Product Lineup#1 grossing educational app in the iStore#1 grossing educational app in Google Play StoreOver 400,000 downloads2 top 5 grossing educational apps in the iStore and Google Play4 top 50 grossing educational apps in iStoreOver 12 million practice questions answered
EventMobi is changing the way attendees experience events using their smartphones and tablets at conferences and tradeshows. Clients like Disney, Motorola and some of the biggest conferences and associations have used EventMobi to enhance the attendee experience at their events. Our event apps have been used by thousands of corporate &amp; association event planners and millions of attendees across the globe.We are on a crazy growth spurt and looking for passionate, fun, and outgoing individuals who love to educate others about technology, build relationships, and grow EventMobi’s international client base. Join us and help change the way the world meets and learns at live events with EventMobi.
Orange County Tech Recruiters is based in Orange County and focuses on finding full time technical talent for clients in California with particular emphasis on OC, LA, SF and San Diego.  We are a small focused team and each of us have 20+ years in technology and technology recruiting.  Please see our LinkedIn profiles and recommendations below: Robert Ardell - #URL_b6d48964c0b9b0074359c7a207623fd2360c853a418da3bfa1c6c18f79a1a6f6#Jake Villarreal - #URL_8bfb8c2cfcf91aeb1253da2a322b5617a4f92bd358eb0badeefafa67450370af#
At SKI USA, we offer creative, professional, skilled web design and development services for both small scale and large businesses.Our team is equipped to design and develop any kind of website depending on your requirements. Our scalable, efficient and sophisticated processes are devised in a way to reflect your organisation’s ideals, thoughts, functions and strategies.We build apps that cater to the specific demands of our clients and have our heart set to impress all.If you are looking to build an innovative new mobile app for your business, or have an original idea for your product, let our team of experienced developers and designers make your vision a reality.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
CallCentre People Recruitment is recognised as being specialists within the CallCentre industry.  We provide permanent, temporary, contract and management staff for a number of large national and multi-national businesses in various industries.
Formed in 2006, Saul&amp;Partners is an executive search consulting firm specialising in talent management for permanent staff and interim consultants. We provide search services for vertical niche markets of Risk Management within Banking, Asset Management, FS and Online Digital Media industries. We search for executives from Business through to Sales, Business Development, Risk (OpRisk/Market/Credit), Treasury, ALM, Balance Sheet Management, Operations and Compliance.Our consultants draw on the expertise of Saul&amp;Partners to ensure we achieve the best job matches in the market.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2009, the Fonpit AG rose with its international web portal ANDROIDPIT to the world's largest Android community. Every month over 18 Million Android and tech enthusiasts around the world log into ANDROIDPIT , where they know they'll find the latest and most innovative information about Android and Android-Apps in 6 different languages. Our business activities consist of close collaboration with many of the world's largest tech, web and mobile companies.In 2014, APP MEDIA amended Fonpit AG’s brand portfolio. As a one-stop shop for app marketing,APP MEDIA delivers quality performance marketing for apps to give clients the most successful campaigns possible with custom concepts and sustainable results.Located in the heart of Berlin, we are constantly looking for highly motivated and success driven personalities to help ANDROIDPIT and APP MEDIA grow even further.
About ECHOING GREEN:  Echoing Green unleashes next generation talent to solve the world's biggest problems. Founded in 1987 by global growth equity firm General Atlantic, Echoing Green has invested over $33 million in seed funding in nearly 600 social entrepreneurs (Echoing Green Fellows) and their innovative organizations across the globe. Recognized Echoing Green Fellows include the founders of Teach For America, City Year, One Acre Fund, The Global Fund for Children, and SKS Microfinance. Through its three Fellowship programs, Echoing Green annually supports nearly seventy social entrepreneurs to accelerate the impact of their ventures.In addition to its Fellowship programs, Echoing Green takes an ecosystem approach to reach over a million people seeking to define their role in making the world a better place. Work on Purpose, Echoing Green’s signature program for 18-35 year olds who want to make an impact, leverages the life and work lessons of Fellows to equip these change agents to build purposeful lives and careers, while the Social Investment Council program emboldens emerging business leaders to drive social change.Echoing Green's field-building contributions include an impact investing initiative to grow investments in double- and triple-bottom line enterprises, and a bevy of thought-leadership articles and reports to strengthen the social entrepreneurship movement. Visit #URL_1912e551906cc97c1bdfc7f8a45cc874abebe0db248f141d906277d8dbc7be79# for additional information.
The Advanced Interactive Media Group LLC - or short: AIM Grou - is a global consulting company specializing in classified advertising and interactive media. The company publishes the Classified Intelligence Report, which has been called the “bible of the classified advertising industry.” The AIM Group consults with its clients on revenue growth, best practices, and strategies and tactics for traditional and interactive-media publishers. It was founded in 1997 by Peter M. Zollman, and now has clients, writers and analysts throughout the world.
Come on in.Welcome to August Smart Lock.The August Smart Lock is the secure, simple, and social way to manage your home’s lock. Now you can control who can enter and who can’t—without the need for keys or codes. And you can do it all from your smartphone or computer.August builds products that make life simpler by allowing physical environments to respond seamlessly to people’s behavior. We believe in building quality experiences for our customers through elegance and simplicity. We have a lot planned for the future, and are looking to build a team eager to join the ride. Who we are looking forAugust values multi-skilled engineers who are just as passionate about crafting secure, yet beautiful experiences for our customers as we are. We expect our software developers to be comfortable working in multiple programming languages and to be enthusiastic about learning new things. We do have high standards. Our product aesthetic extends to our code. We expect our hardware engineers to be obsessive about things like power consumption and reliability. If you look at everyday objects and believe they can be made more intelligently, we are looking for you.Things we are buildingA peerless security infrastructureiOS, Android and other mobile applicationsA compelling and intuitive web dashboardSensor-laden hardware devicesRobust customer intelligence toolsAn ecommerce system
MAC Property Management is dedicated to providing an exemplary living experience, the highest possible quality of service and a superior value for our residents.  It is important for us to preserve the environment, improve infrastructures, and enhance the beauty of our settings.  We are in the process of acquiring new properties in these existing markets as well as expanding to new markets across the country.  MAC Property Management, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
At LendInvest fundamentally changing the way people think about their savings, investments and how you get a mortgage. We're the new generation of finance, which is far less stuffy as we are building a new way to do things - and having some fun along the way. If you want to be part of building the future of finance, then we'd love to hear from you. LendInvest has been prominently recognised as a leader for its growth and innovation. We are based in a prime central London building, with a very cool work environment.LendInvest is a direct employer and we therefore do not work with any recruitment agencies. Recruiters, please do not spam us, we are not interested in hearing from you.For a look at what we're creating, you can see more on our site at: #URL_a472ef05be663cdc9df7eb234d26330394196f039430435745cd6695790fd82e#
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Ready to let your star shine? Discover the career you’ve been dreaming about at AvaStars where… The Star Inside is YOU! At AvaStars, we’re dedicated to making dreams come true and creating entertainment retail that is highly personalized and aspirational. We’re currently looking for “A” players to capitalize on this once in a lifetime opportunity. Our senior leadership team is known for the success of Mattel, Pokemon, Build-A-Bear Workshop, LeapFrog and Waterbabies. Join us by getting in on the “ground floor” in the development and implementation of the “next big thing” destined to change the face of retail and the way children play. AvaStars is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment.#URL_77edd0eb5baaf205d0de93d32fc2471370b249e83cdfaacc8c0a5f00c51b8e15#
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
2.5 years ago when we started on the development of Witkit, we had a mission: allowing businesses to capitalize on collaboration, making people more efficient and productive. The plan was always to create the most comprehensive social collaboration toolkit that expands our capacity for problem solving beyond today’s limits.It’s important that everyone who is thinking of joining our team understands what our mission means to us.What inspire us at Witkit are the effects of collaborations between people and businesses all around us. There is a back-story to every great invention throughout history, which tell us that there were many bright minds working towards a similar mission to make the invention a reality. Witkit aims to promote the fact that every great idea should be refined and developed through effective teamwork. To do this, Witkit offers a platform with the most comprehensive social collaboration toolkit, which increases the capacity for problem solving.  We are not inventing collaboration, we just make it work.Even if our goal sounds big, it starts small: with the collaboration of two people towards a single mission.
Planning Center Online has been making revolutionary applications for churches since 2006. Our premier product, Planning Center Services, is among the top 10,000 websites with millions of users around the world. Our new offices, located in Carlsbad, CA (near San Diego), are amazing. Beautiful weather year round, kitchen, play room, private team rooms and several cool, comfortable lounge areas are some of the great things that we have purposefully designed into our new building. You can check out some photos at #URL_258df839d4720af9cef1fb5754a9da21604874877091fd9eaff7deb0e6a7aa15#
FirstBeatMedia is a fast growing online media company.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
The Selectus Group is a customer focused organisation committed to providing high quality services to employees throughout Australia. With a strong history in the Australian financial services industry, we manage salary packaging across a range of industry sectors, including government, health care, education, charities and private enterprise.With a recognised, trusted and respected brand, we make a difference to employees who salary package or lease a car. Our people are fundamental to our success and we encourage a supportive environment based around personal and professional learning and development.
BIGGER MARKETS is a college marketing agency that combines online and offline resources, including one of the largest on-campus street team networks in the United States, to reach the 18-24 year old college demographic. By pairing targeted online advertising, social media marketing, online advocacy, print, out-of-home and traditional campus media outlets we build awareness campaigns that effectively out-perform any other form of college marketing. Online components and integrated real world activation produces results unreachable by any single medium campaign. Further, our targets are mavens, connectors and tastemakers. We have taken marketing to generation y to the next level.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
UFN is a dynamic start-up founded in 2008 that specializes in providing strategically designed e-commerce websites and online marketing services to retail florists in North America. The primary focus of UFN is to provide a successful and affordable way for small floral businesses to compete effectively in the online marketplace. See what our clients have to say about us:
CCS Digital Education is an international provider of innovative e-Learning solutions and professional services that empowers modern organizations to successfully implement continuous learning.We help educational providers and large enterprises to provide their audience with engaging interactive learning experiences that boost performance and knowledgeability.  Available on any device, our solutions combine powerful social and peer learning features, promoting continuous knowledge diffusion with real business and culture-change impact.More than 800 of our learning applications are being used by large enterprises, government organizations, leading educational and training institutions, and millions of learners around the globe.CCS was recently named as one of the top 10 e-Learning content development companies for 2014 by #URL_f88add0e5c3df30700026d142ed54d155b93ee1fd296b63321bc5ece5cf3b33f#.The company has offices in Abu Dhabi, UAE; Athens, Greece; Dublin, Ireland and Silicon Valley, US.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
We take the hassle out of finding and booking a cleaner. We are currently in the UK but we have big plans and we want an amazing team. If you want to be part of a rapidly growing tech startup with big ambitions take a look below, pick a job and apply!
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Cin7 is total inventory, warehouse and point of sale cloud software in one seamless system. Used by retail, wholesale and e-commerce businesses that require accuracy, visibility and control across their business departments or legal entities.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
WannaYum is a user-centric mobile food-ordering platform that attracts and retains customers through a proprietary embedded gamification system.  As of July 2014 we have an inventory of 20,000 restaurants located in more than 500 cities across the United States. We’re looking for entrepreneurs who are excited about getting in on the ground floor of a fast-growing start-up; imaginative thinkers who relish wearing multiple hats and never back down from a challenge. We want people who get things done.
We build software for fashion retailers, to help them make the right commercial decisions about what to sell, and how to price it. Fashion is the 4th biggest industry in the world, so this is actually a huge problem economically, as well as environmentally for everyone in the world. The Guardian called us one of the 20 hottest London startups, and we're a quickly growing team, with a product used by some of the best retailers in the world, and we're backed by the smartest investors in Europe, the same ones who backed Etsy, Dropbox, ASOS and Net-a-Porter.
Cloudit specialise in web based, leading-edge technologies which help drive your business forward. With over 20 years industry experience, Cloudit are the partner your business can rely on. Our clients utilise Cloudit products to securely and reliably process millions of transactions per week. Whether you are running applications that share information to thousands of mobile users, want to develop and manage your own application or supporting the critical operations of your business, Cloudit provide leading edge services to enable a smarter tomorrow.Cloudit empowers your business to work more efficiently. Providing visual, pro-active &amp; cost effective solutions tailored to your business needs. Mobile workforce applications, data driven business solutions all for a guaranteed return on investment.Cloudit are an elite SaaS provider who will enhance your business performance. Consultancy, Application design, Cloud Infrastructure/Migration - We do it all.If you are excited by problem solving, working as an important member of an ever growing team in creating exciting, industry disrupting products - click below, we would love to hear from you.Don't see a role that best suits you? No problem, contact us directly with your CV and what you believe you can bring to Cloudit. We are always looking for talent!
NL Group supplies specialist healthcare recruitment and staffing solutions to the NHS and private healthcare providers in Yorkshire, building a far reaching reputation for being a skilled, cost effective and reliable healthcare recruiter.Since our humble beginnings NL Group Healthcare has become one of the most respected specialist nursing and healthcare recruitment agencies in Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and North of England, dedicated to understanding our client’s particular needs and surpassing their expectations.Offering a tailored service of only the highest quality to the clients we serve and the workforce we manage, promoting only competitive rates whilst upholding our commitment to excellent levels of service, carefully selected, qualified candidates for each nursing and healthcare vacancy we fill.
We are a company providing software solutions and support services, activating in the World Wide Web throughout Europe.
Costa coffee was initially started in London by two Italian brothers named Sergio and Bruno Costa; and it has now become a multinational coffee chain. Costa coffee is the world’s third largest coffee house chain with over 1700 stores in more than 28 countries across the globe. Our stores can be found anywhere from airports to bookstores, Hotels, Pizza Hut branches, etc. the largest store is located in Dubai that allows a sitting of 321 people at once.  We are planning to set up new centers at some universities and hospitals, where the coffee beans used will be of the same type.
Ameritech Media wants to give industry thought-leaders the marketing communications they need to stay out in front. We’re the next generation you’ve heard about - making radical advancements in full-service marketing communications and how they’re delivered. With today’s technology wired into our serious creative approach, it’s hard to find another who delivers our blend of strategy and creative this way.  It’s clear we’re not a typical ad agency, marketing firm, integrated whatever - we are a full-service, any message on any platform company where you get exactly what you want, how you want it. 
If working in a cubical seems like your idea of hell then joining our awesome startup team might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for.Come join the TradeGecko team, we’re a Singapore head-quartered company, we’re ventured backed and we’re growing fast.Our team comes from all corners of the globe, the founders are Kiwis, we've got Singaporeans, Dutch, Filipino, Australians, Argentinians, the list goes on.If you think you have what it takes and can handle our group of talented, hardworking, sarcastic miscreants, then apply now … right now!
ABOUT VERTO Verto Partners is a premier corporate performance acceleration firm that works with middle market companies - between $10M to $1B in revenue - across 28 industry sectors. Verto works with or on behalf of management, Boards of Directors, or investors to effect transformative changes in companies facing challenges such as high growth, stagnant performance, or decline. Verto's services include strategy, operations transformation, interim management, deal support, business development, capitalization, and human capital.   #URL_c9847e5a3b1d35edc0cb45391a3165ba47e17069e405f17eb811877ac37227a7#
We started making apps the day App Store opened. Initially, we developed iOS apps for other companies, but in 2011 we started developing our own apps. In March 2012, we launched our first own game, Ruzzle. It became an immediate success and rose to the top ten list in 148 countries. While taking Ruzzle to the next level, we have also launched a new quiz game, Quizcross. It has already been on the top ten list for trivia games in over 50 countries. Totally more than 50M have played our games.We thrive on exciting ideas, so stay tuned for more games from MAG.The MAG Interactive team is a group of passionate developers and designers. Our mission is to produce extremely polished and easy to play games that makes you want to tell all your friends about it.The MAG Interactive team is based in Stockholm, #URL_29206d9d6d46b4bc66bba586803a8387427193f1326a4ca4a1afcceaf7b68010# more information, please contact us on #EMAIL_778459cb1331b0e6c32b879ba7b82bc8ff495bc9ac735935d6e64f49b2d97398#
Maguru helps small businesses get more customers though efficient and fair priced managed online marketing.To do this we use technology and marketing techniques previously only available for big companies with deep pockets.By aligning our customers goals with our goals we deliver an honest and transparent online marketing solution that our customers trust and love.See all jobs at: #URL_48fdbaa419bcc74c77527f23b3f771d053491adc21103e85da659b5578ffb329# Maguru ApSIndiakaj 122100 Copenhagen OEDenmark
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
We are on a mission: Making cities smarter.Cities are complex. And your smartphone should save you from the everyday challenges of living in them.How do we contribute? We are reinventing the best public transport app. (#1 Winner of the Mobile Tech Award)We're based in Berlin. Close to Hackescher Markt. We have a rooftop terrace &amp; a plunge pool. We love it.We are hiring now!
About the CompanyWe are ticketscript - the European market leaders in digital self-ticketing. Whether it’s massive dance events, festivals, gigs, outdoor cinemas, fairs, theater shows, exhibitions, comedy nights, or award ceremonies - we do them all! We believe in empowering our customers. Their success is our success. So far over 50,000 events have worked with us - and this is only the beginning. We have offices in London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Berlin and Barcelona and are rapidly expanding across Europe.
VisaHQ hires a diverse and internationally minded staff of professional and reliable employees who are dedicated to breaking through the many bureaucratic barriers imposed on international travelers. They know their way past these hurdles not only from professional training programs and effective management, but through a wealth of personal and shared experience. In short, the company and its dependents hold themselves to the highest standards of professionalism, dedication, and respect.
Roland &amp; Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNCs in US, Middle East &amp; Asia Pacific for the past 11 years.Rated as one of the top recruitment companies in India by Social Talent, Ireland; operating from a state of the art office at Bangalore, located on HAL Airport Road, ‘Team Roland' is supported by 100+ specially trained Searchologists.
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Network Locum is a disruptive healthtech startup, which has grown tremendously quickly and has venture funding. We are an online marketplace which helps healthcare organisations find locum doctors direct – cutting out expensive recruitment agencies. We are a vibrant and energetic team of 10 who work out of an office in Shoreditch which we share with good friends of ours who work on a fashion startup.We already have a lot of traction, with 10% of primary care organisations signed up and clients such as Virgin, BMI Hospitals, BUPA using us on a regular basis. We have been featured in The Sunday Times, City A.M., The Guardian, The Next Women Business Magazine, The Independent, Sky News, and plenty more
Spartan Race, is an international obstacle racing organization.  Our courses are uniquely designed to test participants’ mental and emotional fitness.  Spartan Race is growing by leaps and bounds and is looking for driven, organized people able to work efficiently in the face of challenges.  You must be willing to live by the Spartan Code:A Spartan pushes their mind and body to their limits.A Spartan masters their emotions.A Spartan learns continuously.A Spartan gives generously.A Spartan leads.A Spartan stands up for what they believe in, no matter the cost.A Spartan knows their flaws as well as they know their strengths.A Spartan proves themselves through actions, not words.A Spartan lives every day as if it were their last.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Luxury British cocoa grower and chocolatier, Hotel Chocolat, was founded in 2004 to make exciting chocolate with three guiding principles – authenticity, originality and ethics – which remain central to the brand’s success today
import•io was founded in 2012 by David White (CEO), Andrew Fogg (CDO) and Matt Painter (CTO) with a unique vision: to make the power of data available to everyone. Headquartered in both London and San Francisco, we employ a diverse team of individuals who are excited about bringing structure to the web and making web data more accessible.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
PROSULTING IS PEOPLE The ProSulting difference is easy to see. Our passion for delivering qualified pre-screened personnel who are ready to contribute means you can expect the right people for the job every time. We are committed to your total satisfaction and stand behind our word. While it would be easier for us to cut some corners in the recruiting and pre-qualification process of our candidates, we don't. In fact, our stringent screening process is the cornerstone of our reputation, and results in the highest qualified personnel in the industry. Simply put, better qualification process = better people. PROSULTING IS RESPONSIVE When your company needs staffing, time is money. ProSulting's dedicated team of highly motivated staffing experts is ready to help you meet the demand quickly and efficiently, minimizing downtime and maximizing productivity. Let our staffing agents work for you and experience the ProSulting difference. ​PROSULTING IS PRODUCTIVE Growth, fluctuating work loads, temporary, temp-to-hire needs; whatever staffing challenges your business is facing, our experts will find the solution for you...fast. ProSulting's pre-screened candidates are ready to go and keep your business productive when you need it most. We're flexible, too. We will team with your Human Resource staff and take on the day-to-day search functions, enabling your company to focus on its core business issues and grow the bottom line.
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
EROAD was established to modernise New Zealand’s paper-based RUC regime and in 2009 launched the world’s first GPS/cellular-based road charging system. Our solution can be readily and rapidly scaled and deployed across entire jurisdictions because it requires no roadside architecture, and uses a SaaS-based web service.We’re now a world leader in our field and expanding rapidly as we enter new markets.Joining EROAD is a great career move. We look at potential when we’re hiring, and your ability to grow with the role. We employ only the best, and ensure that our staff have the skills, training and technology to do their best work.How you’ll fit in at EROAD is important as well. We’re really proud of our company culture and finding people with the right attitude is just as essential as a great CV.Working at EROAD means learning from people who are experts in their field. It also means working hard – we have to, to be able to grow as fast as we need to! But we encourage a healthy work/life balance and our low staff turnover tells us we’ve probably got the balance right.We have staff from all over the globe – 25 countries at last count – and we may just have the highest rate of boat/surfboard/windsurfer ownership of any technology company, anywhere.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Red Canary is a computer security startup that provides managed threat detection to alert our customers when their business is under cyber attack.  We are obsessed with reducing the time from incident to remediation and thus decreasing the damage done. Our elite team is comprised of malware experts, engineers, and security analysts that collaborate to implement innovative and scalable detection methods for the world’s most diabolical malware.We are passionate about creating customers for life and cultivating an unmatched employee lifestyle through remote work, top-notch benefits, and employee trust. We take great pride in providing an excellent service to our customers that depend on us to help defend their business.LocationsWe work remotely. Our offices are in Sterling, VA and Denver, CO. If you live near one of those locations or want to, that’s great. Our offices are designed to work for you whether you like to drop in once a week to work with your team or work hacker hours through the wee morning hours.Our Sterling office is close enough to Washington D.C. that you can head downtown for the evening but far enough away that you do not have to fight awful traffic. Our Denver office is nestled along the Rocky Mountains between Denver and Boulder with some of the best hiking, skiing, tech startups, and craft breweries in the country nearby.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Brainbow is a London-based startup founded by entrepreneurs from Google, Amazon, Playfish / EA and academia with a mission to reinvent Education through mobile, games and sciences.With funding from tier-1 European and US investors, we provide a unique environment to work with great engineers, designers and neuroscientists.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Critical Nurse Staffing, Inc. is enrolled with the U.S Department of Labor to provide nursing care to the former defense workers now receiving benefits through the RECA and EEOICP programs.We are proud to provide services to Defense Industry Workers covered under the Federal EEOICP and RECA programs, as well as recipients of the Federal Black Lung Benefits Program.We proudly provide care for the following patient groups:Uranium Miners, Millers and TransportersNuclear Weapons Plant Employees or ContractorsFormer Coal MinersOur service offers an integrated team of personal case managers, nurses, respiratory therapists and home aides. Our services focus on addressing the full range of a clients needs, including a client’s medical condition, the client’s comfort, emotional well-being, independence, functionality as well as nutritional and psychosocial needs.
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Crypteia Networks delivers a patent-pending technology that identifies zero-day threats on their infancy along with misconfigurations on the already deployed defenses, as to provide visualizations of the threats paths and provide suggested mitigation actions (MOREAL™). This enables enterprises to add a new layer of security in their environment by expanding the intelligence of their already deployed security mechanisms, maximize the value of the logs they are already generating &amp; collecting without any change in their infrastructure. The solution is non-intrusive, OS independent and comes with zero integration pains. Crypteia Networks is a PCCW Global company. 
This initiative is being led by a very talented, energetic and inspirational group of young Greek leaders called “Global Shapers Athens Hub”, under the umbrella of the World Economic Forum.  In a nutshell, the objective is for the corporate-business community to align with Global Shapers in order to develop and implement an internship program, whereby companies commit to taking on board selected talented graduates for 6-month internships – in order to offer  work experience / skill building and ultimately support the development of young talent to enter the local market.
Flite delivers ad innovation at scale to the world's top publishers and brands. Marketers use the self-service Flite Platform to reduce the complexity and cost of delivering differentiated ad products that engage their audiences. The Flite Platform serves, updates, and measures advertising in real-time and integrates web applications directly into online ad units fueling digital advertising innovation at scale. Flite enables marketers to be agile, and respond immediately to real-time performance metrics and daily events by updating their paid media creatives with relevant content and functionality. 
We're Food52, and we've created a groundbreaking and award-winning cooking site. We support, connect, and celebrate home cooks, and give them everything they need in one place.We have a top editorial, business, and engineering team. We're focused on using technology to find new and better ways to connect people around their specific food interests, and to offer them superb, highly curated information about food and cooking. We attract the most talented home cooks and contributors in the country; we also publish well-known professionals like Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Danny Meyer. And we have partnerships with Whole Foods Market and Random House.Food52 has been named the best food website by the James Beard Foundation and IACP, and has been featured in the New York Times, NPR, Pando Daily, TechCrunch, and on the Today Show.We're located in Chelsea, in New York City.
AREA 17 is an interactive agency. We take an interdisciplinary approach — blending the practices of design, technology and branding — to create modern interactive systems.We care about the web and its future. It has become a large part of our lives – entering our offices, living rooms and even our pockets. It is changing the way our world operates. We believe the web should be an extension of our daily lives, not a distraction from it. To this end, our mission is to make the web a better place — for work and for life — by delivering solutions that are equally valuable, sustainable and enriching.AREA 17 is located in New York City and Paris, France. We are independently owned and creatively motivated. Learn more
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Proficio Mortgage is a rapidly growing mortgage lender that cares about both our clients, and our team members. Proficio is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Proficio Bank. As a National mortgage lender, our branches are exempt or authorized to lend is 49 states and the District of Columbia. Our goal is to make the loan process as simple and worry-free as possible. We pride ourselves in offering the highest level of customer service to our clients.                                            Here at Proficio we believe in a culture that allows every individual to succeed to the highest level of their abilities. Then, we will train your abilities to go even higher. Proficio has a top-notch training program that quickly ramps your career up faster than any other company out there. This is an opportunity not to just have a job, but to LOVE WHAT YOU DO. We are in need for future leaders because of our rapidly expanding growth. The atmosphere here is electric. We hire people that want to work hard, and enjoy what they do! We believe that it’s important for every one of our team members to have a balanced life. If this sounds like a place you would want to wake up and come to every day for years to come then start your future career today!
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
AGOGO creates a personalized audio channel by bringing together your favorite programming -- news, entertainment, sports, and more -- with your premium music services, personalized traffic, audio books, video programming, and much more. Curated from the freshest, most trusted sources, AGOGO helps you make the most out of every waking moment.AGOGO is looking for people who are media aware, know technology inside and out, who are ambitious, a team player, and looking to grow with a company.
ValleySoft is a fast growing global IT Services &amp; Solutions company based in Silicon Valley, USA . At ValleySoft, we strongly believe that excellence in services to Client is not a singular act, but a habit. We make earnest effort in our constant endeavor to redefine this habit and take it to the next higher level. Our long standing, time tested experience, which span across domains, is a source of strength as it helps us effectively leverage our experience to add value to our Clients' business needs and processes. Our growth has been powered by our consultative approach, our deep understanding of business and technology, our passion for innovation - and above all, our integrity.
Outstanding Member Service Starts With Outstanding PeopleIf you are committed to the concept of “above and beyond” and enjoy interacting with people either in person or on the telephone, then we want to talk to you.Our people are our most valuable asset. We recognize their value – the hard work and dedication they give – and reward it through a highly competitive salary structure and benefits program which includes:Medical, dental and vision insurance401k  Retirement Savings Plan with a match up to 6% by the Credit UnionFlexible Spending  AccountsLife insurance paid by the Credit UnionGenerous paid time offGym membership reimbursement program.
Smarter Good is an innovative global services firm for social sector organizations - a for-profit company with a strong social mission and focus on systemic change. Our clients are social entrepreneur-led nonprofit organizations with measurable impact and a unique theory of change. We create more impact by scaling their solutions to the size of the need, helping solve our world's most intractable problems. Our clients focus on a spectrum of issues including: design for impact, maternal health, impact sourcing, economic empowerment, media, girls’ education, disaster preparedness and social entrepreneurship acceleration. Smarter Good is led by Jane Leu, an award-winning social entrepreneur and Ashoka Fellow. 
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
TechShop is a playground for creativity. Part fabrication and prototyping studio, part hackerspace and part learning center, TechShop provides access to over $1 million worth of professional equipment and software. We offer comprehensive instruction and expert staff to ensure you have a safe, meaningful and rewarding experience. Most importantly, at TechShop you can explore the world of making in a collaborative and creative environment.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
AUTOHELLAS S.A. is the largest Rent a Car company in Greece, according to its financial capacity and the size of the fleet of vehicles it manages. Furthermore, it is the biggest national franchisee of Hertz International in Europe.AUTOHELLAS S.A (HERTZ) operates in Greece for more than 44 years. Since 1978 until today, it constantly holds first place in the car hire field. Hertz - AutoHellas was awarded for two consecutive years, 1998 and 1999, by the travel industry as the best rent a car company in Greece for high standard services rendered (TTG Award).AutoHellas/s main concern is its human resources, which in 2004 exceeded 550. The company's employees and executives are carefully chosen, highly educated and experienced. During the last two years, Autohellas has put in practice an ambitious educational program for most of it's personnel, aiming to the improvement of the services offered.In 2011, Hertz fleet reached over 23,000 cars of event type, operated by 115 locations all over Greece, 21 of which are located in airports.The company's constant growth creates new work positions at Hertz locations, such as airports, local offices, as well as the headquarter facilities.Our mission is to be the lowest cost, highest quality and most customer focused rental company in every market we serve. We will achieve our Vision and Mission by focusing on, and balancing, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, and asset management, with equal emphasis on efficiency and growth.ΜΗΤ.Ε: 0206E#PHONE_b8d2b252564f25e10c879832d2e5b6df17fe0b5612e3d791ad1fad0a12e3b39a#
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Working in over 60 countries and 30 languages, Autotorq is one of the world’s leading digital automotive agencies.We work with car manufacturers and their dealers, helping them to attract, convert and retain customers through the digital channel, thereby increasing their efficiency and profitability.We have a proven track record working with clients on a global scale. Our accumulated industry knowledge on regional, national, pan-European and global levels, informs all aspects of our product and service offering, benefiting every one of our clients, from dealers to manufacturers.Our key clients include leading automotive manufacturersCustomers are at the heart of our business. Our passion for building meaningful relationships with all our dealer customers underpins everything that we do, driving the thinking, capability and innovation we consistently take to all our clients.The company is positioned for continuing growth during the year ahead. In preparation for this we are looking to expand our client account team, so this is a great time to be joining the company as it enters a new era
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
Founded by serial entrepreneur Clive Jackson and launched in 2011, Victor is one of the world’s most trusted names in private jet charter. With only a 5% fee for online bookings, Victor offers the broadest selection of quotes for charter flights at the best prices directly from the operators. With access to over 700 contracted aircraft, Victor can get you airborne in less than 2 hours from almost any airport around the world on any aircraft type. We're a small and growing agile team. As a team we aspire to the hacker culture and we care about what we do. We want to produce simple, elegant solutions to difficult problems. We take pride in getting the job done right. We want to improve as individuals and improve the team and wider organisation around us.Our development team use modern technologies, tools and methods to produce a product that our customers love. We want our applications to be ubiquitous; any time someone is booking a jet they'll be using the Victor platform.We choose the best tools for the job and right now that's mostly node and Angular, with MongoDB and a smattering of Python.For vacancies for our other companies, #URL_8b5fe34131f015b09e2b4b01097392477242e0de74786a62a71e91e1e5dbfba7# and Global Beach, please click on links below:#URL_c31909b471fce3a2c3ea962a074a37e919edf78b8dfb90c4a3a9ace570542adf#http://global-#URL_c4958175db594f9b8c88259f8f6fa850085a15c4723021f19596b2a9752dc62f#
Dering Hall, #URL_5f3201a601e42a814d6d0724e0b94a4cf371abcd4b89ec239e909fe96a4b8521#, is to the online marketplace that features high-end home furnishings from the world’s most renowned brands, artisans, and design galleries. These furnishing brands on Dering Hall pay monthly listing fees to showcase their products on the site.  Our mission is to connect serious potential buyers -- interior designers, architects, their staffs, and sophisticated consumers -- directly to the high-end furnishings brands that list on Dering Hall via online inquiry, phone, showroom visits or by driving traffic to their websites.   Dering Hall also markets the services of top-tier interior designers and architects to sophisticated consumers.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
SummaView is een jong bedrijf uit Amersfoort die mensen, kennis en software levert ophet snijvlak van controlling en Business Intelligence. Wij bieden onze klanten top-controllers ofwel SummaView Specialists aan, die de beschikking hebben over eengereedschapskist vol met kennis, extra technische ondersteuning van developers ensoftware op het gebied van business intelligence. Oplossingen die SummaView biedt zijninventief, eenvoudig maar krachtig zodat organisaties zelf in staat zijn hun businessintelligence-activiteiten op een hoger plan te tillen.
Green Street Advisors is the industry leader in real estate and real estate investment trust (REITs) research for over 25 years. Our dedicated research professionals generally cover far fewer companies per researcher than is typical for a securities firm. This specialization, coupled with our independence, allows for exceptionally detailed and timely analytical work while avoiding the conflicts of interest.  Our firm employs over 30 research professionals covering over 100 publicly-traded REITs and all major real estate sectors in North America and Europe. Our mission is to provide unparalleled insight, advice, and service to knowledgeable investors looking to execute the best possible public and private real estate capital allocation decisions. The success of our firm is evident in our proven track-record. View our track record here: #URL_8e9a08c6476d6ea9f4de917acd0dca365e4c56d3a200a78a61d15d19e538f251#  Green Street's North American headquarters is in Newport Beach, California, and our trading desk is in Dallas, Texas. Green Street's European headquarters and trading desk are located in London.
THE COMPANY: theAudience (#URL_f3517a05fc71a73ef91dd5d00f6443a8da91d54cee2beb7373234066761c761b#)  theAudience is an entertainment content publishing network built upon the social media connections between fans and popular culture. Operating in partnership with leading entertainers and global entertainment brands, theAudience’s robust publishing network curates and produces content natively on social media platforms to create large, highly engaged fan bases. The company and its partners then build sustainable, organic transactional and sponsorship businesses around these flourishing social media ecosystems.    Currently managing more than 300 top-tier clients, and connected to nearly 800 million fans across social media platforms, theAudience creates enormous value through cross-platform programming and the popularization of entertainers, brands, content and social utilities. Through leveraging the power of theAudience network, and unparalleled expertise in social media, the company turns clients’ online presence across all the major social media platforms into thriving media properties, which can then be monetized in multiple ways. The company is comprised of storytellers, curators, producers, business innovators and entrepreneurs. HIGHLIGHTS AND PRESS:Founded by serial entrepreneurs, Sean Parker, Oliver Luckett and Ari Emanuel. theAudience Raises $20M in Series ATheAudience: Sean Parker and Ari Emanuel’s stealthy social media startupTech mogul Oliver Luckett connects with emerging artists in a big wayTurning Microcelebrity Into a Big BusinessOliver Luckett on “How Movie Studios are Marketing”WHY THEAUDIENCE?An excellent COMPANY: theAudience is a new kind of direct-to-consumer publishing company that exists within the very fabric of social networks. We build meaningful connections between leading entertainers, global brands, and highly engaged fans, through compelling, sharable content that binds their lives together. We publish over 6,000 unique items of content per month, reaching up to a billion people, and delivering 5-10 billion separate impressions. Using our suite of proprietary analytics tools, and by leveraging the power of our network, we then monetize the opportunities that emerge from these flourishing social media ecosystems.That sounds great, but what else?A path for growth: We’re a successful company built by a team of seasoned thought leaders and founded by serial entrepreneursCOMPENSATION: Competitive base salary with a rewards &amp; recognition system and an Employee Referral programHealth &amp; Benefits: Multiple comprehensive medical benefits packages to choose from, along with Pet Insurance and 401K programs availableRest &amp; Relaxation: PTO, Paid Holidays and so much moreCULTURE: We’re a collective of passionate marketing thought leaders, we work hard and play hard, we have a casual dress code, we enjoy office lunches, office dinners, office happy hours; the whole nine yards
 Value Added Team of Creative ProfessionalsNetConstructor is a San Diego based company Co-Founded by Christian Hochfilzer, Leo Baghdassarian and Kris Fredrickson and is composed of a tightly-knit group of talented and experienced professionals in the realm of marketing and media development. At the heart of NetConstructor is the simple belief that results speak for themselves. We understand that regardless of how aesthetically pleasing an advertisement or website may be, or how much theoretical sense the technique makes, unless the campaign produces the desired results, it has failed.Our Mission:At NetConstructor, we pride ourselves in utilizing technology to develop innovative ROI-focused marketing and media solutions that help our clients embrace the constantly evolving business place. We aim to build and nurture mutually beneficial partnerships with our clients and take an immense amount of pride in the work we perform and campaigns we launch on behalf of each and every company with which we work.Our Process:Our process is simple. By combining tried-and-true principles of advertising and human behavior, we plan each project with your target market in mind. We take a uniquely human approach to everything that we do and are constantly asking “how might the consumer react to this?” At the end of the day, we measure success by results. As such, we maintain an acute focus on how what we’re doing will have an impact where it counts: your bottom line.
Cohaesus is a trusted partner to the world's greatest advertising, marketing, communications and creative agencies. By bridging the gap between creative and web development, we work together with internal teams to architect, deliver, test and maintain reliable, scalable technical solutions.Our uniquely flexible approach – coupled with a detailed understanding of the agency world – means we offer a set of services specifically designed to support the needs of creative agencies. From extra brains to help get the most from creative ideas, to extra hands to help meet that deadline and extra scale to stretch budgets with our offshore teams.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Our team is carefully balanced with the best specialists in the healthcare market and experts in web development and user experience. The great working atmosphere makes #URL_c452222ceb211c2d5bda2ae95359b5126a14ae69898d8d6ad37647064e99fbc9# a unique workplace... Bla bla bla.. Like you've never heard that before!But you're here and this means you are interested to find out what it's like to be in our team. For real. So get in touch! Skype or meet us. You will see for yourself, no BS :) We're hiring all the time.Here's something to whet your apetite: #URL_c652c59dabc32bfacc94f29318d40a48e955b8d1f60e31738721b73706cdf8d2#
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
ustwo offers you the opportunity to be yourself, whilst delivering the best work on the planet for some of the biggest and most innovative brands. A culture thriving on collaboration underpins what is an amazing work smart/ live well environment.We genuinely care about the work that we deliver and the people who help make it all possible. We only invest in projects, people and practices that we believe in, to ensure we remain excited about every opportunity. 
ISE resolves technology vulnerabilities through rigorous analyses to keep great companies great by providing expert, objective, targeted interventions. ISE is a rapidly expanding, dynamic, and unique small company that wants fresh, well-rounded individuals (underwater basket weaving is a plus) who love what they do and have a rockin’ time doing it. Our employees enjoy ISE’s creative, educational, and comfortable, environment where they can thrive professionally; and then take advantage of flexible hours and unlimited vacation days to support a great life when away from work.
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
Farmigo is a mission-driven startup with a simple, ambitious goal: we want to make local, sustainably produced food more accessible and affordable in every community. Farmigo empowers individuals and communities to create “virtual food co-ops”, where community members can order directly from local farmers and foodmakers on #URL_7ed4cf4f2d751a0be7cc763d0f9863a0e6e3f56e0387d3d0185ac4b29c4af2d7#, then pick up their orders at a pick-up site in their neighborhood.This is an extraordinary opportunity to take a leading role in a critically important movement, and to join a fast-growing, venture backed startup with a world-class team and great (and delicious!) perks. We are a hard-working, passionate group of organizers, designers, technologists, digital movement builders, and logistics gurus, working together to transform the food system one community at a time. 
Neverbland is a team of designers, developers and doers. Specialists in user experience, interaction design and product development. Having earned our spurs developing startups, we understand the importance of simple, elegant solutions and quick releases; matching beautiful aesthetic to functional design.We're driven by the Web's ability to unite and empower. That's why we're passionate about collaboration and the open source movement. But it's what we haven't done that really excites us. What's next?
Super Soccer Stars is the country's most popular soccer development program for kids. For over a decade, we have provided outstanding instruction for thousands of children in 400+ locations in NY, NJ, CT, MA, CA, FL, IL, Washington, DC, and London, UK! Super Soccer Stars was founded in 2000, and since its inception, it has been providing outstanding soccer development instruction for children aged 2 and up.
GridSix has been developing and marketing web sites for a variety of clients and industries since 2001.
We are a visual technology startup pioneering powerful immersive experiences for next generation wearable displays. Condition One combines advanced 3D graphics, high-resolution video and experiential storytelling to create a fundamentally new form of visual communication to enable a better understanding of the human experience.We’re excited to announce that we are in development with Zero Point, the first movie shot in 3D, 360 degree video optimized for the Oculus Rift head mounted display. In the film, we follow the pioneers of virtual reality; the researchers and developers creating an entirely new digital dimension. From combat training simulations at the Department of Defense, to research labs at Stanford, to indie game developers and hackers, this immersive video experience will bring viewers into the future of virtual reality.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Burns &amp; McBride has been providing quality home service solutions for generations.Since 1949, Burns &amp; McBride has been meeting the home comfort needs of Delaware homeowners. From our distinguished heating and cooling solutions to our innovative trash &amp; recycling and home security services, Burns &amp; McBride is devoted to ensuring that our customer's homes are always comfortable and secure.Through our four operating divisions, Burns &amp; McBride provides the most complete, guaranteed, and flexibly priced home comfort services in the market.Our successful programs have earned a reputation for innovation within our industry, and we look forward to even more growth in the years to come.A key element of our growth strategy is to build on the success of our existing team members.  We're looking to identify a few select individuals, with appropriate academic, work and life experience to join our team In both full and part-tme positions in a number of different capacities.Since our customer base is primarily located in northern Delaware, most of our staff and available positions are tied to our main office in Wilmington, DE.  However we do maintain a small call center in Provo, UT to provide extended customer care and telesales support services.For details on currently available opportunities and to submit an application and/or resume for consideration, please review the position descriptions listed below.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
InVision is a venture-backed startup working to create the world's best design communication and collaboration platform.We're passionate about finding ways to improve how companies think about their design process. That's why designers at so many of the worlds most beloved startups, agencies and corporations use InVision every day.
StudyHall creates opportunities for college, university students, and recent graduates, to work with the best companies in America - such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and more.  Our project-based internships allow students to work remotely on various projects such as Adwords, Writing, SEO, Video production, Wordpress, Photoshop and Research.  But, the best part about StudyHall isn't just that you can do creative projects with mentors from amazing companies, but you can also earn money and show off your skills at the same time.  And if you do a great job, these companies can hire you full-time.APPLY NOW!#URL_4d9c394961f5f716f8dc7e4ba1431e46e14fa0d1018aa93d8b3019a56f1bcd65# (Click "Apply to Intern" on Homepage of #URL_ab309fb672a2b26317bd303c09c3c6762986d45c2bb1b4970cac579d697432e2#)
Niacet is a leading producer of organic salts, including propionates and acetates, serving the Food, Pharmaceutical and Technical industries. With two longstanding and fully automated manufacturing sites, located in Niagara Falls, NY USA, and Tiel, The Netherlands, Niacet offers world-class quality products to a global market. Our products fill vital needs in a broad range of applications that are essential to everyday life including food preservation, antibiotic formulation, dialysis treatment, energy production, and more.At Niacet all employees share in the growth and prosperity of the corporation. We want our employees to take pride in their personal and corporate accomplishments. Safe working conditions are achieved through continuous education of our  employees and improved facilities. We aim to provide job and financial security for all employees.
MarkaVIP is the leading online fashion destination in the Middle East and North Africa. We build and curate amazing products and services for families that appreciate fine name brands at a reasonable price. Our team of talented stylists, technologists and creatives are leading the way in customer experience and innovative online retail solutions.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
Take Out Brands is a food franchise business with a #URL_4524df5c91ce800c4ba16ef1406d622db7d51d37105a7fcee27521e61854615e# difference being we want you to genuinely enjoy your workiing experience with us. We hire cheerful, honest and hard-working people - and then treat them well - offering the chance to learn and develop wherever possible.With 7 franchises already live, this young business is run by people you can trust. Our focus currently is on Papa John's - one of the largest pizza companies in the world, with more than 4,300 stores worldwide delivering: Better Ingredients, Better Pizza.Rapidly growing in the UK, there are now over 200 Papa Johns outlets in the UK - with Take Out Brands Ltd already operating stores in Aberdeen, Durham, Harrogate, Leeds and Liverpool. And with up to 30 more planned across the North of England and Scotland in the next 2 years,there'll be plenty of opportunity for career progression along the way. The business is headed up by ex British Army Major Dan Wilkinson, who lives with his young family in Yorkshire. "This is a people business - and though we love selling worlld class pizza, building a team of good people is crucial to our success. We are keen to support all of our staff well, so they can provide great service to our customers."  Here's Dan celebrating the recent opening of our Harrogate Papa John's franchise with the local mayor. 
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
We are specialized in HR consulting, sourcing PhD, MSc &amp; MEng professionals on permanent and contract level positions across the globe.
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
MAC Property Management is dedicated to providing an exemplary living experience, the highest possible quality of service and a superior value for our residents.  It is important for us to preserve the environment, improve infrastructures, and enhance the beauty of our settings.  We are in the process of acquiring new properties in these existing markets as well as expanding to new markets across the country.  MAC Property Management, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Mention changes the way you monitor the web. Create keyword-based alerts on your company name, your brand, and your competitors, and then get updated in real-time about any mentions over the web and social networks. Take action to react, collaborate, and get analytics about your online presence.With over 200,000 professionals using the app in 125+ countries, including companies such as GitHub, Spotify, MIT, Microsoft and Century21, Mention is focused on helping Marketing teams in Fortune 500 and Fortune 5,000,000 companies.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Pardon Services Canada is a national legal services company established in 1989.We serve as an advocate for Canadians with a past criminal record, who wish to exercise their rights under the Criminal Records Act of Canada and the Immigration &amp; Nationality Act of the United States, to obtain a Record Suspension (formerly called a Pardon) and US Entry Waivers. Also assisting with Temporary Resident Permits and Criminal Rehabilitation Status for Americans with a past criminal record.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
Advantone is located in Plantation, FL. With our cloud-based telecommunications platform, we provide services such as: ACD, Predictive Dialing, Intelligent call routing, and Hosted IVR.We are always looking to expand our Engineering and Development teams.
As the premier design studio in Queens, we craft beautiful work using the latest technology and solve design problems that lead to satisfaction not just for our customers —  but for the design team as well. Clients such as Facebook, Reebok, and Ogilvy &amp; Mather come to us for our creative ideas and always-on-time reliability. From developing a web site that provides impactful business value, to producing a critical sales presentation on a tight timeline, we bring together gifted designers to deliver solutions that actually matter.In addition to the satisfaction of a job well done for industry-leading clients, we offer a full range of benefits for full-time employees including health insurance, vision/dental, 401(k), generous paid time off and a professional development program.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Lost My Name combines the power of storytelling with the possibilities of technology to make magical, personalised books and experiences for children. Our team of 15 (and growing) works out of a beautiful studio in Hackney, London. Our flagship title has sold tens of thousands of copies worldwide, and we're now working on our next generation of stories.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Cylance is a global cybersecurity products and service company, specializeing in advanced threat security that detects and stops zero-day malware and APT attacks. Using advanced math and machine learning, coupled with the understanding of a hacker’s mindset, Cylance provide a proactive, preventive approach to security.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Transifex is a SaaS continuous localization platform powering the process of launching products into multiple languages for companies with rapid development cycles. To date, Transifex has simplified the localization process for over 15,000 projects and more than 150,000 users. Customers include Coursera, Waze, Eventbrite, reddit, Disqus and Firefox.
incrediblue is busting the myth that boating is only for the rich and famous by enabling any traveller to book an amazing holiday on a boat. As it happened in lodging and in transportation, incrediblue is changing the travel industry again, by introducing a whole new travel category; boating. Boating is the ultimate vacation with all the comforts of being at home while you are exploring new destinations.We are an innovation driven, committed and fun to be around team, where every contribution, no matter how little or big, counts. So if you're a passionate professional with solid experience who wants to work in a world-class internet company, you are in the right place. As with all incrediblue team members, we’re looking for someone who takes pride in their entrepreneurial spirit, discipline, proactivity, guerilla mindset and great teamwork skills. That’s us!
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
352 Inc. is a full-service digital agency creating websites, software and marketing campaigns. We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. Digital experiences that define your business. Designed to delight. Built to grow.
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Daily Secret is one of the fastest growing digital media brand for premium audiences around the world, serving 1.8 million subscribers every day. Covering over 35 markets, its signature daily email newsletters reveal coveted bars, restaurants, shops and all around local ‘secrets’ while integrating brands around passion points. Headquartered in New York, NY and Athens, Greece, Daily Secret is backed by leading media investors, such as Greycroft Partners, eVentures, Ronald Lauder, Dick Parsons, and Andy Russell. To learn more about us visit #URL_e830679f90409d3a40bc46c9110e3c627418d0bff3a005f2a78539860ed584c2#
SEK Solutions is driven to be the #1 solutions provider for our customer's weapon storage, industrial storage, material handling &amp; logistics requirements. We are proud of the deep industry relationships we've developed over the years that allow us to offer our a broad selection of material handling equipment and supplies, as well as a variety of storage solutions.We are located in Virginia Beach, VA, where our employees enjoy the family-oriented communities and diverse recreational activities this area offers. We are a hard-working team committed to delivering excellent customer service; we also know how to enjoy a little fun while we are at it. We are growing rapidly and seek self starters with integrity and a willingness to succeed. If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, we encourage you to review and apply to any of our openings listed below.
ClearGuide is an intelligent documentation platform that organizes product knowledge into various forms of learning to teach everyone. 
Playfair Capital is an early stage technology investment fund based in London. 
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
United Med Force was created due to the high demand for elite sales professionals in the healthcare industry. United Med Force has rapidly become the trusted leader in medical device and pharmaceutical sales distribution. It has successfully partnered with world-class physicians in various markets, providing them with the most advanced products in the industry. Our company prides itself on 3 main principles: Innovative product portfolio, professional product expertise, and unparalleled customer service. Today as a national sales organization, we service leading healthcare providers and institutions. Our success can be mainly attributed to our elite sales professionals. United Med Force has abandoned the age old training method, which is comprised of a quick one week product overview followed by releasing the reps out on the field unprepared. Our unique training approach involves in depth and continuous product and self development tools that equip our sales professionals to become market-share leaders in their respective territories. Our dedication to becoming the top sales organization, passion in our craft, and hunger for providing valuable solutions is why we are one of the fastest growing medical sales companies today. Our goal is to bring highly differentiated sales professionals to every market across the country.
Based out of Vancouver, and Victoria, BC, Canada, we provide solutions for schedule based businesses to manage, promote and sell their services on-line through our popular cloud-based booking and e-commerce platform.Our first public release was in June of 2009. Since then our merchants have processed over 375 million (USD) in online bookings.Join a driven team with a true commitment to culture and distributed workforce.  Flexible hours to maintain a work-life balance and routine in contributing a popular solution to an active community. Learn about an exciting industry and meet our customers.We are a growing company and are always interested in talking with experienced, creative individuals. Please check back or inquire directly if you are interested in a role not listed here. No agencies please.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
Shapeways is the leading 3D printing marketplace and community, empowering designers to bring amazing products to life. By giving anyone the ability to quickly and affordably turn ideas from digital designs into real products, Shapeways is fundamentally changing how products are made and by whom.Through Shapeways, designers gain access to the best industrial 3D printing technology, capable of manufacturing products with complex designs in a wide range of high-quality materials. 3D printing turns raw materials into original products, from wedding rings to rocketships, model trains to iPhone cases, and prototypes to industrial engineering parts. The Shapeways community can sell their products, share ideas, and get feedback from creative consumers and other designers around the world.Headquartered in New York, Shapeways has factories and offices in Eindhoven, Queens, and Seattle. Shapeways is a spin-out of the lifestyle incubator of Royal Philips Electronics, and our investors include Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Lux Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.
RealScout is SalesForce + Zillow for the $50B residential real estate sales industry. The platform allows Realtors® to collaborate with their clients around home search. RealScout is the only website that allows home buyers to browse photos of important features for active listings.See more at #URL_703b3b552da59fc3c9c8282636927c335da79351a533b002d2ee7b1b3601a132#.Realtors® can manage their pipeline using our lightweight CRM while engaging their clients with our full-featured search technology and natural language email alerts.FundingWe are backed by prominent VC’s and angel investors including DCM, Joe Lonsdale at Formation 8 and Ken DeLeon, the number one Realtor® in the US.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Adthena is the UK’s leading competitive intelligence service for Google search advertisers. Adthena is loved by major brands and digital agencies alike and provides a great opportunity to work in the high growth adtech space. Our patent-pending technologies provide unparalleled accuracy for clients to understand their competitors’ keywords, budgets, spend, CPCs, Adcopy and more. We're profitable, fast growing and love what we do.
Jtec is an award-winning IT solutions provider from Cornwall, Ontario, Canada. From IT products to service management and web solutions, we are a total IT solutions provider. Jtec treats its staff like family, offering a host of employee benefits and work perks, including:Competitive salariesGenerous benefitsFree-lunch FridaysPerformance IncentivesContinuing educationPaid Traveland more!If you're a hard worker that enjoys working in a fast-paced, technology-driven organization, then we want to hear from you!
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
American Kidz Academy® is the expert in elite urban education and child care. We offer the best solution for families living in highly dense and sophisticated urban areas. Our boutique designed schools and our online programs combined with our Elite Urban Education® program will give your child a unique and rewarding learning experience. Our child care facilties and program are designed to exceed the highest standards set in the child care industry. By conducting business throughout the United States and Europe, we have created premier Childcare Centers and Educational Solutions for parents .
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We are an award-winning team of professionals, providing the very best value for glass shower enclosures, designer closets, storefronts, glazing, and mirrors in Western Washington, with world class service and quality that are both Faster &amp; Better.AAA KARTAK is family owned and operated, serving Western Washington homeowners and building contractors since 1956.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Workable is a venture-backed startup making cloud-based recruitment software for fast-growing companies around the world. We're looking for people who want to change the way companies and people meet each other.Life at WorkableAt Workable we are creating an environment that has all the excitement and intellectual stimulation of a startup, minus the fads and pretension. We don't work 80-hour weeks, but we do work in an efficient and disciplined manner. We don't have ninjas and rock stars, we have people who are outstanding at what they do. We don't think it's old fashioned to have a sensible business model and we enjoy working with smart people.&gt; learn more about Workable and our employee benefits
For over 15 years, CaseNEX has been a leader in the education technology industry and continues to provide flexible and customized online solutions for teachers, students, and parents. CaseNEX offers an array of services and products, including professional development courses for teachers and data collecting tools to monitor students’ individual progress. Now used in all 50 states, CaseNEX has recently grown, adding two additional divisions: DataCation and PALS Marketplace. 
Newmedica is a dynamic, innovative UK healthcare company that works in partnership with the NHS to deliver specialist clinical eye care services safely and effectively. Newmedica is growing rapidly and operates services in a number of locations around the UK. Newmedica clinics operate in both fixed and mobile settings, in the community and on NHS Trust sites.
We're a not so traditional, fun filled, results driven marketing agency of 16 full time marketing, design, development, content, SEM and video professionals. Team members at Fat Atom (we don't have employees) are expected to do the best job they can for each client, not just the one they are hired to do. We work as a team to accomplish client goals and hire people to fit our culture first, experience second and education last. Do you have what it takes to hang out with the cool kids in the lunchroom? If so, we would love to hear from you.
grandPad is the safest and simplest tablet computer that effortlessly connects seniors to those they love
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Vayu builds affordable unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for healthcare supply chain management and post-disaster aid delivery.Currently, healthcare providers and disaster relief responders depend on costly, slow, and unreliable transportation by motorcycles, cars, and trucks to serve remote communities. One billion people live all or part of the year without access to all-weather roads. Vayu's UAVs will provide affordable, fast, and reliable delivery of vital goods to these isolated areas, both on a regular basis and in times of crisis.Our offices are in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA and New Delhi, India.
Maria's Gourmet Kitchen is a personal chef sharing startup founded in Houston, TX by Executive Chef Maria Bedrosian and backed by Internet Entrepreneur &amp; Angel Investor Bedros Bedrosian. The rise of the Internet sharing economy now empowers us with more choices on where to stay (airbnb), how to get from point a to point b (relayrides) and with the advent of MGK, how we'll make dinner tonight.We're looking for exceptional individuals to work with us to make our vision a reality. If you're ambitious, talented and bring culinary, business or technical experience, we're interested in meeting you! 
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We deliver premium value at competitive prices. Our services are matchless and provide long term benefits to our clients. We satisfy our clients by meeting or exceeding their expectations and enhancing long term relations. On-Time ManPower, a staffing solutions provider, has been helping clients succeed for over a decade. We service all types of companies in search of competent and reliable workers.
The Pinkston Group works with a select group of clients to create and execute media strategies that meet their public relations objectives, whether creating or growing a brand, promoting or launching products or books, influencing legislation, or avoiding or managing a crisis. The Pinkston Group specializes in building a profile for clients with zero visibility and tactically developing existing brands to ensure that each client’s public presence is meeting its strategic vision.The Pinkston Group emphasizes the importance of proactive public relations, generating positive press coverage by telling our clients’ stories well, highlighting what makes them unique, maximizing the news impact of announcements or events, and establishing client representatives as thought leaders in their industry. In addition to generating positive coverage, the Pinkston Group has extensive experience helping clients avoid negative publicity by providing frontline-tested guidance for responding quickly and intelligently to communications crises. When crisis hits, the Pinkston Group helps clients correct course and calm the storm.The Pinkston Group has offices in Northern Virginia outside Washington, D.C., and in Boston, Mass. Pleasecontact us for more information or to explore a working relationship.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
Headquartered in Milan and New York and with 400 million users all around the world, Beintoo is a true engagement platform with a full set of gamification tools – badges, missions, leaderboards, contests, etc. – for mobile and web applications, games and national brick-and-mortar or online retailers.Beintoo gives value to users’ engagement by distributing currency – Bedollars, which can be used for premium offers and real world benefits. Bedollars are meritocratic, global and can be redeemed in the Bestore or in the online stores of Beintoo’s retail partners for thousands of appealing offers. In addition to this, Beintoo rewards its users for their engagement and achievements by letting them convert their Bedollars into real cash once they shop on our partner retailers’ websites.Via Beintoo’s reward engine, Developers can attain deeper user engagement and monetize inside and outside their apps, as they get paid for every Bedollar redeemed by a user.Sponsors on the other hand, benefit from the most innovative way of engaging with their customers through our customized and defined loyalty programs, maximizing the efficiency of their ad campaigns to reach conversion rates that are high above average.Due to its global presence, Beintoo is building a worldwide network of online and offline retailer partners and developers that will accept Bedollars and virtual credits as a method of payment. 
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
Depop is an exciting new mobile marketplace where you can sell things by simply taking a picture, as well as follow your friends and buy unique things.Depop has already been received with great enthusiasm in our test regions and it is now beginning to expand into the global market, following funding from highly prestigious venture capitalists.This is an extremely exciting time to join a young, fast growing and very promising company based in the Shoreditch area, backed by some of the most prestigious VC’s in the technology market.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
DICE gets fans the best tickets at face value with No Booking Fees. We're based in Shoreditch, London and 100% mobile so we're driven to transform ticketing globally. We're fully funded by successful entrepreneurs from music, consumer and technology - all very well known.DICE is currently only for Londoners but expanding to other cities soon. It's an exciting time to join and if can't see a role here right now for you email #EMAIL_f1ba6a31a1a8d33d113e24df320a8276792ed6ae6dd1dda3078b91d41c1164d3#.  You can download DICE at #URL_ec4eb3e790f2097c38259c96ef1a89331f5412f40c1f1dcd33772a0e2db7a014#
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
Our mission is to optimize the first screen of mobile to better connect users with the world.Founded in 2012 by leaders in the South Korean startup and tech scene (ex-Google, Naver, Ticketmonster, etc.) and backed by Softbank Ventures Korea, we’re building a team of people who aspire to change the world by dreaming the impossible. We’re a team of 30 based in our HQ in Seoul, and we have recently set up our new offices in San Francisco, Tokyo, and Taipei for global operations. Our flagship mobile app, Honeyscreen, has reached over 2 million users in South Korea since its launch and is the leading lock screen advertising platform in Japan, making us primed to impact mobile advertising on a global scale.To find out more about Buzzvil life and culture, check out our blog! 
Union is a digital marketing agency founded in 2002 and headquartered in Charlotte, NC. Considered a digital marketing leader, Union collaborates with many of the Southeast region’s top brands to achieve business objectives through strategy, creative and technology. The agency specializes in crafting digital marketing platforms, content, and campaigns that deliver meaningful and measurable ROI results.Join Our TeamUnion differentiates itself by cultivating a talented team and working environment that delivers the highest level of strategic thinking and creativity — and delivers the technologies that support highly inventive marketing experiences. We value those individuals who are independent problem solvers, but can create value in a team-oriented environment and who can recognize when we need to push our clients’ expectations further.We always keep an eye out for talented people to join our agency family. If you see an opening that fits your experience, please take the time to introduce yourself!
Envision Consulting conducts retained searches for nonprofit clients seeking to expand and enhance their mission through talent acquisitions. We specialize in providing solutions to not-for-profit organizations, offering coaching, planning and staffing tailored specifically for growth and impact.  Because we understand the nonprofit arena, Envision Consulting is uniquely positioned to attract and engage passionate and experienced #URL_135acbfca77647cdc1c6411a737326862613a94ee0e7607ca7fbf82ed3de56e1# can learn more about Envision Consulting at #URL_89817e06eaa567855f835d96bceed4bd74a3ce6bf209bc589b2a9b2da5422608#
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Taxibeat is changing the global taxi industry. It's an easy to use, convenient and contemporary way to hail and book a taxi using a smartphone. It uses the mobile technology to connect directly taxi drivers and passengers in the same way that Google AdWords connects advertisers and Internet users: taxi drivers advertise their location and availability to nearby passengers who are searching for a taxi using their Taxibeat mobile app. It consists of two mobile applications, one for taxi drivers and one for passengers. While drivers use the application to declare their position and availability, passengers use the Taxibeat app to virtually "see" all nearby available taxi drivers, in a range of about 2 kms. They see every possible information about each driver (distance, car model, customers' rating, services provided, etc) and select which driver to hail with a touch on the screen. Taxibeat launched with great success at May 2011 in Athens Greece, and now expands in a number of countries like Brazil, France, Romania and Norway. Want to join the global transportation revolution?
RxData provides pharmaceutical companies with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of drug costs and insurance coverage globally. Right now, pharma companies spend 100 hours per analysis, having to farm through fragmented data and manually analyze hundreds of sources. RxData enables pharma to complete this same analysis in 5 minutes with real-time access to pricing, market access, and clinical data across 20+ countries to inform strategic decisions.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Although AssistRx was formed in only 2009, we have capitalized on our 30 years of combined experience working within the specialty distribution channel, both in caring for patients as well as close collaboration with pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Our simple goal is to apply innovative solutions to provide greater access to therapy.                                                    Through years of exposure and insider knowledge, AssistRx (ARX) has become intimately acquainted with specialty therapy distribution, but has also identified shortcomings that exist in meeting patients’ needs using the current industry methodology.  Seeking to detangle the intricate complications that arise in this niche market, ARX has developed exclusive technology with our iAssist product and, when combined with our customizable features and superior service, we are confident it will be exactly what your organization needs to resolve prevalent issues and excel in customer care.  In fact, we believe our unique technology will revolutionize the current specialty distribution market by creating a seamless and efficient system to ensure benefits to all parties involved.                                                    AssistRx, as a company, is dedicated to developing technology solutions and offering premium customer service for the specialty pharma industry.  Improvement in the delivery of patient care has been a core motivation for ARX as we have partnered with healthcare companies, and it will continue to inspire us to find better solutions to continue to meet needs in this ever growing and changing market.                        AssistRx, Tomorrow's Technology Today.
ClarusApex is an international recruiting company with representations in the Netherlands, Austria, Ukraine, Cyprus and Dubai (UAE). We are sourcing top talents from all levels and industries from more than 45 countries with a combination out of classical headhunting techniques and modern social media marketing, advertising and research technologies.Our customers love our services as we supply them with top talent without borders including migration and in many countries even employment (umbrella) services.Candidates entrust us with their careers as we work according to international ethical recruitment standards with free recruitment services, free visa support and regular follow up contacts after the successful job placement. ClarusApex, unlocking the global job market
Depop is an exciting new mobile marketplace where you can sell things by simply taking a picture, as well as follow your friends and buy unique things.Depop has already been received with great enthusiasm in our test regions and it is now beginning to expand into the global market, following funding from highly prestigious venture capitalists.This is an extremely exciting time to join a young, fast growing and very promising company based in the Shoreditch area, backed by some of the most prestigious VC’s in the technology market.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
At FutureLearn, we want to inspire learning for life. We offer a diverse selection of free, high quality online courses from some of the world’s leading universities and other outstanding cultural institutions.Our aim is to connect learners from all over the globe with high quality educators, and with each other. We believe learning should be an enjoyable, social experience, with plenty of opportunities to discuss what you’ve studied, in order to make fresh discoveries and form new ideas.FutureLearn is being built by experienced educators, disruptive thinkers, entertainment experts and geeks.  Our team combines years of experience building great online and mobile experiences for consumers globally.We are a private company wholly owned by the Open University, with the benefit of over 40 years of their experience in distance learning and online education. Our partners include over 20 of the best UK and international universities, as well as institutions with a huge archive of cultural and educational material, including the British Council, the British Library, and the British Museum.We are growing fast. We need people who believe that the opportunities of a great education should be open to everyone. We need people who want to be part of the challenge to break down barriers and inspire millions of people to continue their learning journey throughout their lives. And we want people interested in working for an innovative web company in a fast-moving sector.  Bring your skills, pioneering spirit and collaborative instincts, join our team and be at the forefront of this amazing adventure.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Omega Systems Group, Inc. is a professional services and management consulting firm, specializing in providing IT services in the areas of; Business Management Solutions, Project Based Consulting, Talent Acquisition, Training, Middleware and Web Services.  We are experienced in working with government agencies and mid to large size corporations within various industries.  While our core business is Strategic Planning and Business Process Re-engineering, we are also considered experts in customized Software Development and Content Management Web Development.Omega Systems Group provides seasoned management consultants and IT professionals for our Clients’ mission critical projects. We identify the best fit for their project needs through careful assessments and analysis of IT resources in the following areas:► Project Management► Web Design &amp; Development► Information Design &amp; Architecture► Business and System Analysis► Software Development and Engineering► Database Design, Development, and Administration
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
StartTech Ventures is the investment &amp; incubation arm of the Materializing Innovation Group and has three functions: Seed Fund, Incubator and Business Angel Network. We build on the experience its people gained out of starting Virtual Trip, the first successful student start-up in Greece, spinning out more than 10 high-tech companies and creating a next generation startup accelerator via introducing the "Entrepreneurial Ecosystem" concept; supporting high-growth businesses to take advantage of economies of scale without compromising flexibility and strong entrepreneurial drive. Our portfolio includes amazing tech companies such as eFront e-Learning, AbZorba Games, TalentLMS, Psycholate and SOLO Gateway. We publish job openings both for the StartTech Ventures incubator and the CoLab Athens coworking space as well as for our posrtfolio companies.
At Cedexis, we’re passionate about solutions for a faster web and we need people to bring our message to the world.The Internet can be a messy place. Cedexis makes it much easier for companies to evaluate and make decisions on how they serve content to their customers. Today, over 250 media, retail, luxury and consumer brands count on Cedexis for 100% availability, optimal web performance, flexibility and choice that drives traffic and revenue at lower cost and risk. Our customers include Mozilla, Microsoft, NBC, Lacoste, and Volkswagen.Founded in 2009, we’re focused innovators at the core of global expansion strategies. We’re committed to making the web and mobile user experiences equally fast and robust for each and every user on the planet.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
Replise was started in 2008, just a year after Twitter was launched, by a bunch of serial entrepreneurs who believed they could bridge the gap between technology and business. We focus on what we are best at: analysing social media and giving insights; so our customers can focus on what they are best at: their core business. The expertise of our research team, the flexibility of our social analytics platform and the breadth and depth of our data empower our customers. They can develop better products because we help them understand the needs and wants of their target audiences. They can keep ahead of their competitors and keep up with their industry’s cutting edge because we help them see what’s in the big picture and what is not. This is why we work with brands like Nike, Samsung and Nestle, and many communication agencies across Europe.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
FiLo is a leader in custom software application development.Founded in 2006, FiLo has been delivering effective solutions for diverse #URL_697f055765dc61395d3c007e8e29d5b03255c111bdedf1ceb178b1085190b9f4# company has experienced positive growth and quickly expanded its capabilities to offer its clients customization services of third party software, saving its clients time and money.Filo developers write programs for a multitude of devices:the Web, desktop, phones,smart pads and hand held scanners.FiLo has built cutting edge solutions around technologies such as active and passive RFID, Mobile handheld devices, image processing, as well as enterprise multi-threaded client/server architectures. With over 20+ years of software experience, FiLo's capabilities extend beyond software development. We have vast experience in digitizing/automating legacy processes, streamlining logistical operations, research and development of new technologies, networking administration, IT staffing and process documentation.
Since 1978Our goal has been to create engaging brand experiences in the most effective medium available which we've been doing since the Stones were kids and President Carter told us to turn down the heat. Our average client relationship spans well over a decade, three times the industry average.11th Best Place to Work - Outside Magazine 2013Top Shop in Idaho - Adweek 2013What?We Build Brands.Why?Clients hire us to increase sales. That is the ultimate measure of their success and ours.How?Our job is to influence. We build and execute strategies that create conversations with our audience and engagement with the brand. Tactics come and go, but with solid strategy comes real business results.#URL_ad9af5103c77ae753412930213a5b1baa41c51e567e1038beedb25d2366117b1#
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Through the Apache Spark platform, we are working to transform large-scale data analysis.
Network Closing Services has been serving Lenders, Real Estate Consumers, and Professionals since 1999.  We provide courteous professional services, speedy title searches, and timely disbursements.  Dynamic flexibility is key to our success.  Your satisfaction, as our client, is important.  We are here to assist you and ensure a efficient, cohesive transaction.  Our experienced settlement officers and attorneys will travel anywhere in the country, day or night, to perform a closing. Our staff is committed to providing our customers a level of service that is unparalleled in the title industry.  Today's competitive market requires more than dedication and experience. It requires proven expertise, irrepressible vision and tightly orchestrated teamwork. Network Closing Services incorporates these essential qualities into every facet of every service we offer. We successfully deliver innovative, high-volume, regional closing services.  For resume review, email to #EMAIL_bbbab0052922a3a922939af2180ff4d9f034ba04634bd573870818da62a0d151# or call Office: #PHONE_113b1bd5d3e5e087c3480c458e2ef299fd3a272612224463899e65ab2fe73995# x7141 Cell: #PHONE_c3853c0e034b798989b048d3a55a28d03177bfde5db40af1c435f6fa5a867868#
TalkLocal is seeking to bring together the brightest minds to develop the most efficient methods of connecting consumers with local companies. As a next generation technology firm, we strive for innovation in every part of our business. We are continuously looking for individuals who think outside the box and want to be part of our team. If you are truly interested in making an impact on a growing business and helping local companies expand in an changing economy, then you should apply for one of our exciting positions.
Pollfish is a technology company that aims to change the landscape of market research. Accessing more than 14,000,000 consumers via 3rd party mobile apps we bring realtime, cost-effective and immediate consumers insights to our clients.
Magmic is a leading developer and publisher of mobile social games and entertainment. We publish a full range of content, from original titles including Ka-Glom, and Texas Hold’em King to top licensed content from brand name entertainment publishers like Mattel, Disney, and Rubik’s Cube. We have led the mobile entertainment revolution since 2002, and currently ship products to all major app stores including; iTunes App Store, BlackBerry World, Google Play, Amazon App Store and various carrier decks. Privately owned, Magmic is located in Ottawa, Canada in the heart of the Byward Market.
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
The Beans Group is a media company that exists to empower young people to thrive.  We have been on an exponential growth spurt since our inception as #URL_8d1ca4faf2d2518ce9ec21b3fbe5c63e4b47f383d6bb1f0a681ff6cc801b4550# in 2005 and in 2013 we won Digital Business of the Year. The Beans Group owns two brands: Student Beans, our youth media brand, strives to make life a little more awesome; and Voxburner, our youth insights consultancy, helps young people to be understood.We have created a business we are passionate about and really proud of. To continue to grow we need brilliant people who inspire and deliver change all around them - that's why we're looking for talented, ambitious and creative folks to come and join us.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
MedTalent is a modern staffing company that specializes in the placement of physicians, nurses and healthcare professionals across the United States. For job updates follow us on Twitter and Facebook 
We are a young, dynamic, fast-growing digital marketing agency established in February 2013 and headquartered in Athens, Greece. We are storytellers; we combine strategy with creativity and technology in order to create user-centric campaigns. We think of ourselves as Digital Brand-Builders; a team comprised of individuals with great experience in both digital communications and strategic marketing.  We offer our clients a 360 service that covers the entire spectrum of a brand's existence across digital channels. Our mission is to create world-class interactive experiences, empower audiences to connect and share, and thus, deliver measurable results through creative innovation.We are looking for the next passionate member of our team, so we can create interesting and innovative things together.
Baremetrics (#URL_818d0992c7cb169e16509ce673146ace42b9d6b31c698ec7fc0a0ecb023c668c#) is zero-setup, one-click SaaS analytics for Stripe. We provide the tools and data businesses need to make solid business decisions.Founded in 2013, we're working hard to help businesses spend less time crunching numbers and looking at spreadsheets and instead give them instant access to metrics and business insights that they need to run their businesses.We're looking for folks who like to solve problems and build a business and product that people genuinely love to interact with.Where you're located doesn't matter. Live and work wherever you please. We're 100% remote.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We're hiring!AvenueStory is a concept driven by people, a team that thrives by delivering results, making people happy and achieving targets. We always need talented individuals to help us grow, develop and improve our service. If this sounds a bit like you, we invite you to be part of our international and dynamic team.Avenue Story offers chic apartment accommodation in Paris and London for leisure and business short term stays - a redefined travel experience, enabling guests to stay in unique surroundings and explore each city like a local. Our offer also include personalized local concierge service, helping each guest plan all stages of their trip. See what we do here.        
Retailers around the world are constantly working to keep customers coming into their stores. It’s not a new challenge, but it’s one that’s getting harder and harder. With increasing numbers of competitors across all sectors and the added competition from online business, today’s retailer needs to work even harder for foot traffic.We set out with one simple goal: to give retailers an advantage in this ever-toughening market.We’re team of people that are passionate about technology and innovation and we saw a massive opportunity for retailers to be making use of the advantages that mobile affords them.Our head office is based in Auckland, New Zealand where our development team and much of the business’s management team are based. We also have staff and offices in Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and The United States.
TapHunter (#URL_95b1bf876c79465b7a563292438e8293a651920b605b528509c8d4c14bfc174e#) provides bars, restaurants, bottle shops, tasting rooms, and breweries with time- and money-saving tools that automatically update beverage inventory on social media channels, websites, and print, digital display, and tablet menus. We empower our customers with quantifiable insight into consumer behavior and local market trends, leading to informed beverage inventory decisions and transforming beverage menus into valuable profit-producing tools.#URL_a9808e66e9d8564d6374f86d393d400193ebd72c05b91d8a7a3a55405b708c55# and the TapHunter mobile app, available on iTunes and Google Play, enable beer, spirits, and cocktail enthusiasts to locate their favorite beverages in markets across the United States.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
At Founders we create companies. We are are a team of people who constantly work and experiment with business models applying our Creation Process to build new businesses. During the process, we partner with individuals who will become co-founders and ultimately CEOs of the businesses. We are not an incubator, nor a venture capital firm. We are simply a company that creates companies.
Space Ape Games is an Award Winning Mobile/Social Gaming startup founded in 2012. We’re a small, high-performing team with big aspirations to make the highest quality and most successful games on your smart phone and tablet.We believe that the trait nearly all of the most successful games on mobile and tablet have in common is that they were made by talented teams with lots of experience working together. There are tens of thousands of app developers, but only a handful of really good, really experienced, well gelled teams out there.Accordingly, everyone on our team is an “A-player” with deep gaming experience. We are some of the key guys and gals behind the biggest games on Facebook and on the internet. Our team is behind a #1 game on Facebook, two #2 games on facebook, and one of the biggest virtual worlds for kids on the planet. And now with Samurai Siege we have a US top 50 grossing app (top 10 in some countries) played by more than 7m people in it’s first few months since launch.We love great tech. Not for its own sake but because we make games for big audiences and that means it’s got to work all the time. Because we are in a competitive space and that means we need to be fast and efficient. We are serious about sprint management. It’s good for our game, and keeps us focused.We are a creative company tempered by great analytics. Smart analytics can make a good game even better. But we think analytics alone makes soulless products. Why choose just one?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Based in San Francisco with a development office in Budapest, Hungary, Secret Sauce Partners enables the world's largest ecommerce companies to provide the best shopping experiences online. Our products are branded and built into ecommerce web sites and are actively used by over 40 million users. We are well funded, fun, dynamic and growing fast. Join us!
Do you want to help people be more successful at work? Then consider Jhana, a feisty little startup that pursues this goal every day.Here’s why our team loves working here:Our mission matters. Weak, poorly trained managers can really hurt companies and make life worse for the people on their teams. It’s rewarding to help managers do better — and, by extension, the companies they work for and the people they work with. Learn more about what we do.We like working with one another. It’s fun to collaborate with interesting, supportive, driven people. Learn more about our team.We’re building a sustainable company — together. We’re not one of those flash-in-the-pan startups. We want Jhana to grow responsibly over the long term, and the whole team has a say in how that happens. Learn more about our values.We  offer a competitive compensation package, health/dental/vision benefits, equity, and a learning budget.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Olympus Advertising specializes in retail programs for our clients’ products and services. Our extensive client base speaks for itself while we also represent the leader in Satellite Television Services. With the 2010 unveiling of our new marketing program, we have developed a major presence in some of largest chain retailers in the nation.Olympus Advertising was created to acquire and retain customers in a more personalized approach for various types of companies and businesses. Today, we lead the nation in outsourced advertising as wellas in innovative marketing campaigns.Our clients have specific areas of expertise ranging from home improvement, electronics to the biggest names in satellite television services. Our focus and goal for every client is to supply them with superior service and a quality sales team to enhance their product and services. With representatives nationwide, our one-on-one approach allows us to provide the highest quality sales and marketing services to our clients and their customers alike.We strive to reach goals not only for our company, but our clients, customers and staff as well. To create a stronger presence in our community for the clients we represent, to go above and beyond the norm and have a level of success that far exceeds our competition.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
About The Symicor Group:Bankers Recruiting Bankers - The Symicor Group is a boutique bank-only talent acquisition firm based in Chicago. Our nationally unique value proposition centers around providing the very best available banking talent to our valued clients...from a banker's perspective. In fact, most of our recruiters are former bankers themselves! We know banking and how to evaluate the very best banking talent available in the market. Whether you are a bank candidate seeking a new opportunity or a bank president trying to fill an essential position, The Symicor Group stands ready to deliver premium results for you. View all jobs at this company |  View company website
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Smart Search delivers executive search solutions tailored for global organizations committed to the Greater Thailand market. We commit to securing the “best-fit” executive talent to lead and manoeuvre global businesses in the constantly changing dynamics of South East Asia. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Telecentrix Inc. is a leading provider of business management solutions for companies across the country. We work closely with some of the most notable companies in the world, creating innovative ways to enhance the relationships they have with their customers.The incredible success we’ve had is thanks to the nearly 30,000 employees that use the training they have received here to manage millions of customer interactions every year.We are always looking to add motivated, talented individuals to our team.
Zylun is expanding the recruiting landscape for companies worldwide. We help businesses better compete and increase profits by connecting them with top global talent.Our unique co-sourcing model gives you greater reliability but also puts you in the driver seat allowing you to select your team and work directly with them. We provide enterprise level recruiting, infrastructure, HR supervision and IT support so clients can focus their time on the important work.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
At Atlas Lift Tech, safety always comes first!  We are a fast growing company with an innovative vision of making Safe Patient Handling and Mobility (SPHM) programs available to hospitals systems nationwide. ATLAS is the first company offering safe patient handling and care staff training programs that protect healthcare workers and patients from the dangers of manual patient handling. Our unique team brings together bedside training, education, and program management to empower care givers to reduce workplace injuries, improve patient care, and create a culture of safety.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Risei Consultancy is a mid-sized firm working on recruitments
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
ustwo offers you the opportunity to be yourself, whilst delivering the best work on the planet for some of the biggest and most innovative brands. A culture thriving on collaboration underpins what is an amazing work smart/ live well environment.We genuinely care about the work that we deliver and the people who help make it all possible. We only invest in projects, people and practices that we believe in, to ensure we remain excited about every opportunity. 
EatAds is a global platform business, like #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# or #URL_5b04abc806bc1d9e9b9491c41c8b2d7557455714849cfbdd9401b1094f5be684#, but instead for the global Out-of-Home media industry. We're based in Sinagpore and India and we're growing fast. The Founders are all experienced entrepreneurs, backed by some of the most experienced digital investors in India and Singapore. This $33b industry has been lacking a platform, and thus we help both buyers and sellers leverage the benefits of a platform for the first time. We're initially focussing on South Asia and South-East Asia although already have users from outside these regions.EatAds is similar to #URL_f012da9e26184dad52230f43da2d165067791f2b862a7742876a8d0d5a208119# (USA), #URL_3613edc46487e81246859966aee52388d9ea323d632a9cb699c3aa877db2cf9a# (Singapore) or #URL_21e7f703da8e28a4edd962a114e1af7ba244609a9ccd3760ae493e9f447c25fe# (India); both in model and technology. EatAds not only provides vendors a platform to list their sites, but also a raft of workflow solutions to manage their inventory, undertake mobile site monitoring and many more. All of these process have been occurring manually until now. For buyer we create a more efficient process to discover, plan, research, buy and sell Out-of-Home (OOH) media. EatAds is subscription model.  In addition to a listing and lead generation platform EatAds also provides (either directly or via integration) a raft of cloud-based workflow solutions for all stages of the Out-of-Home media value chain. We take no commission and are designed for fast growth.
90 Seconds, the worlds Cloud Video Production Service.90 Seconds is the worlds Cloud Video Production Service enabling brands and agencies to get high quality online video content shot and produced anywhere in the world. 90 Seconds makes video production fast, affordable, and all managed seamlessly in the cloud from purchase to publish. http://90#URL_fbe6559afac620a3cd2c22281f7b8d0eef56a73e3d9a311e2f1ca13d081dd630#90 Seconds removes the hassle, cost, risk and speed issues of working with regular video production companies by managing every aspect of video projects in a beautiful online experience. With a growing global network of over 2,000 rated video professionals in over 50 countries managed by dedicated production success teams in 5 countries, 90 Seconds provides a 100% success guarantee.90 Seconds has produced almost 4,000 videos in over 30 Countries for over 500 Global brands including some of the worlds largest including Paypal, L’Oreal, Sony and Barclays and has offices in Auckland, London, Sydney, Tokyo and Singapore.http://90#URL_fbe6559afac620a3cd2c22281f7b8d0eef56a73e3d9a311e2f1ca13d081dd630# | http://90#URL_e2ad0bde3f09a0913a486abdbb1e6ac373bb3310f64b1fbcf550049bcba4a17b# | http://90#URL_8c5dd1806f97ab90876d9daebeb430f682dbc87e2f01549b47e96c7bff2ea17e# 
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
About the CompanyWe are ticketscript - the European market leaders in digital self-ticketing. Whether it’s massive dance events, festivals, gigs, outdoor cinemas, fairs, theater shows, exhibitions, comedy nights, or award ceremonies - we do them all! We believe in empowering our customers. Their success is our success. So far over 50,000 events have worked with us - and this is only the beginning. We have offices in London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Berlin and Barcelona and are rapidly expanding across Europe.
Coldwell Banker Burnet was founded in Minneapolis in 1973 and rapidly expanded throughout the Twin Cities metropolitan area.   In just seven and a half years, the company became number one in residential real estate in Minnesota.In 1991, the company was recognized by Real Trends newsletter as the third largest independent real estate broker in America.   In 1994, the company received the upper Midwest region Entrepreneur of the Year award in recognition of its successful growth.   In 1995, the United Hospital Foundation honored company founder Ralph Burnet with the Service to Humanity Award for his commitment to the community and the substantial charitable contributions generated by the Burnet Senior Classic, a company-sponsored Senior PGA Tour event.In February 1998, Burnet Financial Group was sold to NRT, LLC and began operating under the Coldwell Banker banner.Today, Coldwell Banker Burnet is a leading full-service residential real estate company with nearly 2,000 sales associates and 25 offices that serves home buyers and sellers throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin. Our outstanding sales associates have extensive knowledge of the neighborhoods, communities and market trends in this region and are well-known for providing professional, superior service to their customers.Our success is the result of a strong commitment and dedication to our customers, as well as our full range of home-related services that allow our sales associates to streamline your buying, owning, and selling experience.   Our customers benefit from convenient, one-stop shopping, including nationwide homes sales and home finding, mortgage financing, title insurance, relocation, concierge services, the Coldwell Banker Home Protection Plan, and personal insurance services.  Plus we offer an array of specialized luxury home marketing services through our industry-leading Previews® - Distinctive Homes® Division.It’s no wonder that home buyers and sellers have turned to us for their real estate needs for 38 years.
Being into the IT domain for over 4 years, Walkover specializes in web based application development and mobile application development. It has been creating innovative products since it was founded and continues to introduce new products from time to time.Technologies we useCore PHP, Python, #URL_968b3a839b798052f33a95a811f8b2366cd66f6bcc98f2885bea5ee47d000659#, Android, Windows, open source software and powerful AWS servers. Walkover uses the best available technology - premium version of databases and so on, so that our products work smoothly.Key ProductsMSG91 (SMS solutions provider)MSG91 is an internet based service that allows you to send SMS and critical alerts to the masses.Product info:#URL_dec6f6c8d9574a0bc1a076d97338f24cd6025226211457c53c3687296348c0f4#UtterU (International calling)UtterU enables international calling by using mobile dialers, access numbers and other ways like two-way calling.  It helps you connect all over the world at very low cost.Product info: #URL_c7cee061daffb40439ee81a61a60ff7f68ca42dd3fd22258a611ff29d71dbae5#Giddh (Accounting software)Giddh is an extremely simple to use Accounting software that manages your day to day financial transactions in a systematic way so that it enhances the efficiency of your business.Product info: #URL_50c92cae3ee0f3f612d663ce1c86fd894e4c1a6247b98a273f0c828e13c68de2#Saveandsearch (Save your documents now to search them later)A web based tool which enables you to save anything and search later.Product info: #URL_cbcbf9e91b0d65022dfffc9fcab1f6005b8f6f42b967c08f21d13332ff197003#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Smilers Selection has been INTRODUCING TALENT TO OPPORTUNITY since 1979.  We are a team of four consultants, three placing permanent staff and one placing flexible staff.  Our consultants are assisted by two support staff members.  We are proud of the fact that our four consultants have over 72 years combined, unbroken recruitment service!At least 30% of our client base have been loyal clients since our inception in 1979.  Our Managing Partner is a founder member of APSO (Federation of African Personnel Services Organisations) and our consultants have served on the Western Cape APSO Committee. Our symbol is Bastet, who was honoured in Ancient Egypt as a daughter of the sun god, associated with motherhood and was appealed to as a gentle protector.  At Smilers we look after people and so the eternal cat is the perfect symbol for us.SpecialtiesRecruitment &amp; Selection - Permanent &amp; Flexible, Skills Assessments, Background Checks, Workplace Wellness, Career Counselling &amp; Guidance.
Ginetta Web/Mobile is a leading web company based in Zürich, Switzerland. We carefully design and develop outstanding user experiences for our clients. The applications we build are simple, beautiful and fun to use.We value people over deadlines. We offer a respectful, creative and result-oriented environment in which you can perform at your highest level. We work hard, sweat the details, and celebrate our progress with drinks at the end of the week.Check out our jobs page to learn more about what it’s like to work at Ginetta.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
About the CompanyAviary makes the world’s best photo editor. It’s used in more than 6,000 apps, including our own, which is a Top 100 app on both iOS and Android. Each month, more than 65 million people actively use our products.The Aviary team is on a mission to democratize creativity. The company was founded by the creators of Worth1000, who have always been obsessed with the idea of turning everyone in the world into artists. We are 25 people based in New York and financially backed by leading investors including Spark Capital, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman. Aviary is well positioned to lead the next generation of creative companies.Aviary has a highly team-driven company culture. Everyone in the company is great to work with and contributes meaningfully to the overall company direction. As one might expect, we are a creative group inside of work and out: whether it’s painting, improv comedy, bagpipes, or karaoke, our team members have diverse and interesting passions. We keep our culture startup-friendly to the core (ping-pong tables, free lunches and party games abound) and plan to keep it that way forever, whether we are 25 people or thousands.Why work at Aviary?We build beautiful photo editing software that can be used in any application. We're a small, creative team and we're passionate about powering the world's creativity. If you're an awesome person who wants to help us achieve that goal, we'd love to hear from you!Working with usYou'll work in a fast-paced startup environment, full of challenges and new opportunities. We can promise with complete confidence that you will never be bored.Share a workspace with a variety of creative, interesting people with a huge range of weird hobbies.Great location for commuters: our windows literally overlook Madison Square Garden. We may or may not have tried projecting our website onto MSG. (We totally did. It totally worked.)Our conference table doubles as a pool table. Plus, we have heated matches of ping pong, foosball, and Fifa to help get the creative juices flowing!PerksWe want a happy, healthy, and creative team. We know you can't have that without real work/life balance and plenty of perks. To that end, we offer:Competitive salaries, full medical/dental insurance, tons of paid vacation, and an ample budget to customize a top-notch workstation to your heart’s content.All the free coffee and snacks you can consume. Fully stocked fridge. Catered team lunches four days a week.Constant learning. Coding workshops, company-sponsored educational courses, and genius coworkers who show each other new things every day.
We're Thread, and we're trying to reinvent retail so guys can dress well without being subjected to the horrors of high street shopping or having to trawl through millions of items online.We do this by using a clever combination of algorithms and human stylists to give guys the perfect selection of things that will look amazing on them. Our goal is to create the new global default for how men buy clothes. We're live, have lots of customers who are obsessive about the product, and revenues are growing quickly.
The Albany Charter School Network is a family of charter schools in the City of Albany that works to prepare children for meaningful future lives – as purposeful, productive, and participatory citizens of New York, the United States, and the world.Our strong and unified movement of charter schools collaborates with parents to provide for all students a vibrant academic environment and dynamic learning experiences that create what we call “Future Life Opportunity” – a pathway to success in college, career, and community life.The Albany Charter School Network and the schools that comprise our community are always looking for highly committed and highly skilled people to come and join us in the exciting and meaningful work of helping create Future Life Opportunity for this generation of students.Please take the time to look at the various open positions on our site. If there is a role for which you think you would be a great match, then we encourage you to learn more about it and submit an application.
H WEDIA είναι μια ταχύτατα αναπτυσσόμενη ελληνική digital εταιρεία που δραστηριοποιείται από το 2009 στο χώρο των ψηφιακών μέσων και επικοινωνίας παρέχοντας λύσεις υψηλής αισθητικής, ποιότητας και λειτουργικότητας.Δημιουργούμε και διαχειριζόμαστε ψηφιακά σημεία παρουσίασης, ενημέρωσης, επικοινωνίας, πώλησης και συνεργασίας. Τέτοια σημεία περιλαμβάνουν Web sites, News portals, e-Shops, Micro-sites, Web applications, Facebook pages αλλά και άλλα Social Media κανάλια, Mobile applications, Intranets. Όλα αυτά, τα σχεδιάζουμε, τα υλοποιούμε τεχνικά, κι εξασφαλίζουμε ότι θα λειτουργούν χωρίς πρόβλημα 24x7 σε συνθήκες υψηλής διαθεσιμότητας και απόδοσης,ενώ παράλληλα,Προωθούμε και επικοινωνούμε την αξία προϊόντων ή υπηρεσιών με ψηφιακούς τρόπους, με στόχο την αναγνωρισιμότητα ή την πώληση. Το κάνουμε παράγοντας branded περιεχόμενο, κτίζοντας ενεργές κοινότητες επισκεπτών και fans, δημιουργώντας και τρέχοντας display και search καμπάνιες, διαφημιστικές καμπάνιες και activations στο Facebook ή σε άλλα social networks, καθώς επίσης και ολοκληρωμένες ενέργειες Inbound Marketing για την προσέλκυση επισκεπτών και μετατροπή τους σε πελάτες.Στο πελατολόγιο μας ανήκουν μεγάλες εταιρείες, φορείς, ειδησεογραφικοί οργανισμοί και ιδρύματα όπως είναι η Τράπεζα Πειραιώς, η Eurolife ERB Ασφαλιστική, το Κολλέγιο Αθηνών, ο Εκδοτικός Οργανισμός ΔΙΑΣ, η Cyta Ελλάδος, το #URL_a64df80699bb678107424e0f984503f20b61f21ece3c4d462b752eb0488bad32# κ.α. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Mention changes the way you monitor the web. Create keyword-based alerts on your company name, your brand, and your competitors, and then get updated in real-time about any mentions over the web and social networks. Take action to react, collaborate, and get analytics about your online presence.With over 200,000 professionals using the app in 125+ countries, including companies such as GitHub, Spotify, MIT, Microsoft and Century21, Mention is focused on helping Marketing teams in Fortune 500 and Fortune 5,000,000 companies.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
MarketInvoice is one of the most high-profile London based fin-tech companies. The Company is Europe’s leading P2P invoice finance platform that allows SMEs to quickly and flexibly sell their invoices, releasing critical working capital in the process.Our mission at MarketInvoice is to modernise the way in which SMEs finance their working capital and fund their growth. We are seeking to bring much-needed innovation to the banking industry in much the same way that online retailers disrupted the high street.You will be joining a diverse, multi-talented, fast-growing team that is passionate about using technology to help businesses access funding and change the world of business finance.
LHBS is an unconventional strategy firm with office in Berlin, Copenhagen and Vienna. We approach marketing and innovation challenges from an unconventional point of view: Not for the sake of being different but for the sake of delivering better opportunities, strategies and ideas for our clients.We have no departments. We mobilize the right teams at the right time for the right job. Our teams work in continuous collaboration from the beginning to the end. Challenging our assumptions and ourselves, pushing ourselves further to look beyond cookie cutter solutions. To deliver outcomes that genuinely surprise and excite our clients.We are a diverse group from many ethnic backgrounds, education and experience. We take on each project with enthusiasm, excitement and an uncompromising commitment to total quality. Explore our services and how we generate value for clients.
HappyFox is a young startup that is all about bringing the happiness quotient in support teams. We help companies transform their customer support teams from good to great. Our offering includes a help desk ticketing system, self-center support center, knowledge base, forum and social media support management. For more info, check out: #URL_7fe95ca462a848b79ff7744e7d9d59c2b6814caf76ccea2db2eb1cec5090c67f#
 Who is Ramberg Associates? Ramberg Associates is a specialist medical recruitment consultancy based in, Sydney, Australia, that is fast becoming a widely respected provider of health care professionals world-wide. Ramberg’s team works closely with public and private hospitals to deliver the best medical practitioners across a broad range of specialities and sub-specialities. Our commitment to excellence in supplying services to clients and candidates means we are rapidly expanding in the Australian and New Zealand markets. Our success has led us to plan office bases in the UK, North America and the United Arab Emirates in the coming year. Through our broad network of clients and candidates Ramberg Associates is building its reputation on the ability to place the right person in the right place on a consistent basis in as many places in the world as possible. Medical staff recruited by Ramberg Associates Medical staff on Ramberg Associates’ exclusive database range from resident house offices, senior consultant physicians and medical directors to allied health professionals and nurses. We recruit across all specialities and sub specialties. These include: AnaesthesiaAccident &amp; EmergencyCardiologyCardiothoracicENTGeneral SurgeryGeriatricsHaematologyObstetrician and GynaecologyOrthopaedicsOncologyPaediatrics/neonatologyPsychiatryNeurologyRadiologyRenalUrologyGPsRamberg medical staff have broad international experience with training and certification gained in the United Kingdom, United States, Ireland, South Africa, the Dominions, Canada, as well as Australia and New Zealand. These staff are rigorously screened and reference checked to ensure their qualifications are of the highest calibre. The Ramberg Associates team believed it’s a privilege to benefit the communities where our medical staff work, therefore we take the time to discuss with them their goals, aspirations and needs so they are placed in positions that bring the best outcome for themselves, their families and communities that employ them. Our services include: Sourcing appropriate medical staff for permanent and locum positionsThoroughly screening and reference checking candidatesEnsuring the integrity of our medical staffs’ intentions to commit to positions they acceptGuiding and coordinating medical council registrationAssisting with immigrationRetained search and selectionAssisting in guiding medical staff in their relocation
I am AccentCare…I am Patient Focused.  It is rewarding and empowering to know that what I do truly makes a difference in the lives of my patients and their families.I am Service Oriented.  Each day, I aim for excellence in everything I do, including caring for my patients and working collaboratively with my team members. I know I have an extraordinary purpose, and I am able to fully participate not only in my life, but also in the lives of others.I am Compassionate.  I strive to meet the needs of my patients and their families in the most caring and compassionate manner. I am caring. I am committed. I am inspired.I AM ACCENTCARE! ARE YOU?
Mission StatementGood Life Home Care is committed to providing superior, safe and cost-effective home health services, so our patients can live as independently as possible. We also seek to coordinate community and agency resources, and to decrease the burdens of illness and the unnecessary duplication of services, resulting in lifestyle improvements and positive outcomes for our patients.Our VisionGood Life Home Care is committed to serving the home health needs of every community in the counties in which we are licensed. We emphasize honor, professionalism and excellence.Our Goals• To be the premier home health agency in every market we serve.• To treat every patient with dignity and respect.• To remain a family-oriented operation.• To continually grow in size and scope, while maintaining a high standard of quality.
We’re always looking for highly motivated “founder-types” to join us as we grow. Here’s what you need to know.Our Core Values:Every member of our team brings something unique to the table, but we share the same values:Use your intelligence without arroganceTake initiative, and execute tenaciouslyPut the team’s needs above your ownRespect customers, partners, investors, and co-workersFocus on results, but never compromise on qualityLive to learn, and share what you discoverBe honest, be transparent, and be goodNever, ever give up!Things to Consider:1. We are hiring for entrepreneurial positions, at an entrepreneurial company. This means you’ll need to be resourceful and creative, while also following the processes that will allow us to scale quickly.2. We hire for culture and greatness. We are looking for well-rounded people who are willing to commit wholeheartedly to our cause for the next couple of years and grow alongside the company.3. This is a massive opportunity for the right person. Startup life can be a rollercoaster, but we are led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. The opportunity for upward mobility at The Mobile Majority is tremendous, but only if you’re willing to put forth the effort.Culture and Benefits:It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks, to help keep our team healthy, productive, and happy:Full medical, dental, and chiropractic coverage – even acupuncture.Daily company lunches catered in – plus snacks and drinks for days!Frequent team bonding events and company outings (including the occasional beach day!)Unlimited paid vacation time – because we trust you to hold yourself accountable.Gym membership with access to facilities all over LA.Flexible work hours – we know 9am isn’t for everyone.Stock options – if you’ve been with us for a year or more, we want you to experience the pride and rewards of ownership.A referral bonus program.Last, but definitely not least – dogs in the office! Bring your own furry friend, or feel free to cuddle with one of the The Mobile Majority pups.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
#URL_25e85371e7108e279a4b25d6e965889a44917879b7b587c905714ef30f933cb8# is a young, growing e-commerce company with our eyes on the future.  Ever since our launch in 2005, we've been growing year after year.  Homegrown in Athens, GA, UberPrints runs its customer service and production operations just behind downtown.  We're now looking to expand our reach by opening an Atlanta office to house our business development, IT, and creative teams. 
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
BillGuard is a personal finance security service powered by the collective knowledge of millions of people. The family of data scientists, mathematicians, security experts and industry leaders have come together to protect consumers by facilitating the sharing of that knowledge. Through patent-pending big-data analytics and advanced crowdsourcing techniques, the BillGuard iPhone and Android app is the fastest, smartest way to track spending and save money. As the first “smart inbox” for your money, the app prioritizes the noteworthy charges on your credit and debit cards and scans your card activity for questionable charges.Based in New York and Tel Aviv and backed by some of the world's top investors, BillGuard has been featured prominently in the Wall Street Journal, NY Times and The Economist as well as on ABC and CBS News.
Founded by Daniel Tenner and Paulina Sygulska, GrantTree is a rapidly growing company whose team of women and men help UK technology companies secure funding without sacrificing equity.The company deals primarily with R&amp;D Tax Credits and Grants, but is also in the process of launching some exciting new finance products for the tech space.We’ve had a very profitable first three years as a company, with turnover growing threefold each year, and we managed to bring in more than £1m in our third year.We believe in working healthy and productive hours. The best work is done by people who are happy and well rested - and we want the best work.Following the example of companies who’ve managed to successfully implement a modern culture, such as Semco, Valve, and Zappos, we are building a progressive, open-minded, non-traditional organisation. Unless you have worked in a forward thinking startup (particularly in the Valley), it’s likely that you have never seen a similar working environment. Benefits of working with us include flexible and remote working, an empowering and vibrant place to work and a pool table, amongst others.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
The Aguilar Group is a nationwide search and recruitment agency, dedicated to working with our clients to help them find and hire “in-demand” talent. We utilize the latest technology, a strong network of talented professionals, and old-fashion hard work, to consistently fill our client’s positions. We work on both contingency and retained basis. We conduct our searches in a high confidential manner, with a high sense of urgency.
Envision Consulting conducts retained searches for nonprofit clients seeking to expand and enhance their mission through talent acquisitions. We specialize in providing solutions to not-for-profit organizations, offering coaching, planning and staffing tailored specifically for growth and impact.  Because we understand the nonprofit arena, Envision Consulting is uniquely positioned to attract and engage passionate and experienced #URL_135acbfca77647cdc1c6411a737326862613a94ee0e7607ca7fbf82ed3de56e1# can learn more about Envision Consulting at #URL_89817e06eaa567855f835d96bceed4bd74a3ce6bf209bc589b2a9b2da5422608#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We are a fashion tech design house. We design cool earbuds, headphones, cell phone cases, and other cool room accessories for large fashion retailers such as Forever 21, Hot Topic, Rue 21, etc. Our site: #URL_eb5bf1e6ef7f5b3926d6c81df5e161fa3f564190b21ab7b91cc42f70275e7bf4#.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
BADR is an established company that is striding in to the world of big-data with formal expertise and the right technology for the job. Our vision is to become the leading big-data visualization and analytics services provider in the Middle East, and this is a goal that we strongly believe to be reachable. With a dedicated team and the tools required, we plan to change big-data in a big way.Despite our relative freshness to the field, we have the advantage of a dedicated and experienced team. Our team is a family at Badr and company culture is very important to us. We have a jolly band of geeks in the office who are all working towards a common goal. Our diverse and varying team all have a wealth of skills and knowledge that they bring to the table and this diversity helps exponentially in our ability to take on any challenge that we are faced with.Looking to the present as well as the future, our company is extremely dedicated in helping our youth and local communities in any way that we can. We frequently hold sessions educating the youth on the modern business world and the skills that they will need in it. It is our goal to equip our young adults for the future that they’ll be shaping and this is a cause that is very important to us. 
Even though we’ve been industry leaders for years, we’ve never lost sight of our primary goal: to serve and protect our clients and their families, and create opportunities for our employees. It’s what drives us every day.We take that mission seriously, and believe that while WHAT we do improves our clients’ and our representatives’ lives, HOW we do it sets us apart from other industry providers. We protect the families we serve – and provide the peace of mind that comes from knowing you’re insulated from life’s unforeseen twists and turns. We offer the security that lets you sleep at night, with our personal commitment to go above and beyond in search of the solutions you need.We love our work, and we love the people we work with, so it makes it easy and fun – to do the best, and be the best we can – let us show you how we can be of help to you!
Sawyer Studios is a full service marketing and advertising agency providing media, digital and creative services to the entertainment industry. With clients including HBO, IFC, Magnolia Pictures, Vimeo, PBS, A&amp;E Studios, Samuel Goldwyn, Tribeca Film, Gravitas and Amplify, we offer highly data-oriented media planning and execution across online/tablet/mobile/set-top as well as broadcast, print, traditional digital, non-traditional and social. Fully integrated into our media operations we create and produce advertising assets from digital and print key art creative to spots, video and websites. We are experts in using the most sophisticated digital strategies and tools, including an in-house media trading desk, to promote the most progressive approaches to entertainment releasing from theatrical and day-and-date releasing to video on demand.
Dice is a highly specialized online marketing and software development firm headquartered in Portland, Oregon—the heart of the Pacific Northwest. We are dedicated to helping our national clients effectively grow their sales thru the use of our proprietary services and the application of technology based solutions.Dice was created on the tenet of providing value and innovation—a principle that continues to drive the success and growth of our organization to this day. Our expert developers and cross-functional teams work tirelessly to ensure that you successfully reach your target markets.At Dice, we are committed to your success.
Ryanair is Europe’s favourite low fares airline, operating more than 1,600 daily flights (over 500,000 per year) from 69 bases, across 1,600 low fare routes, connecting 186 destinations in 30 countries and operating a fleet of 300 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Ryanair has recently announced firm orders for a further 180 new Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered between 2014 and 2018. Ryanair currently has a team of more than 9,500 highly skilled professionals, will carry 86 million customers this year and has an outstanding 30-year safety record.
SDI Marketing started in 1988 as a small marketing agency with one simple philosophy: make our client's business our business. Our approach is what makes us one of Canada's most innovative marketing companies, and we take pride in continuing to represent our original clients. Our dedication to maintaining and growing relationships leads to better access to markets, innovative programs and proven results for our clients.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
Scicada is a new-media agencyWe help our clients understand, connect with, and utilize the models and tools of the convergent era.We combine different skills and rich expertise under one roof and within a network-centric organization of the 21st century.more
LOOP is an award winning interactive agency based in Salzburg with satellite offices in Copenhagen, Berlin, Sydney and New York City. We work on remarkable online campaigns in web, social and mobile specializations. Over the last few years our brilliant team has done outstanding work for internationally recognised brands such as Puma, Audi, Clearasil, Durex and many more. OUR SERVICES.We create digital experiences for brands and companies by using creativity and technology. From design to development, from mobile to social, from content production to monitoring and analytics. LOOP offers a broad range of services to help businesses and brands thrive in the digital age. LOOP works together with brands to craft strategies along with a unique and innovative digital approach. We thrive on collaborating with clients who are looking to push the limits and think outside the box.ENGAGING THE #URL_1cc142d21262b78a43aae9217a11ae2d5ebb9f2289a01a905afe6ffe361c4565#'S WHAT WE'RE HERE FOR.The common things expected from a digital agency are nice looking websites, branded social media profiles, some mobile apps and possibly a few microsites. At LOOP we aim for more. It kicks off with a brilliant idea and leads to a unique digital approach to draw in your target group. Contemporary advertising should be something that people really want to be part of. Engaging your audience, that is what we're here for.
Electus believes in long-term relationships with our candidates. We provide a combination of recruiting expertise, data, and industry experience to help you find an ideal match for your current skills and future aspirations. Our close working relationships with our clients allow us to offer you opportunities not available to the general public.As a job seeker, when you are dealing with Electus Recruiting, you are dealing with a reputable recruitment firm that only hires intelligent, knowledgeable and dedicated recruiters whose job it is to assist you in furthering your career ambitions. Our recruiters take every measure possible to put job seeker concerns before profitability.  We are very careful about the clients whom we take on. We preach open communication and take every step available to make the interviewing, negotiation and job offer process fast, simple and lucrative.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
Our MissionOur Mission is to create the ultimate and most privileged shopping experience for people who have served in the Armed Forces, as a First Responder or government employee; it’s a place for these individuals to exercise a privilege not extended to others in the marketplace, just those who have served.What We DoGovX is a privileged e-commerce Web site where qualified members of the U.S. Armed Forces and those in related government agencies can shop for premium off-duty apparel, equipment and other products as well as on–duty tactical products. Prospective Members simply submit their registration to qualify as a Member and once approved, you can begin shopping, saving and interacting on the #URL_43b26e2a31c060785b122eb9921ca0d376a0992d92e6eb499f04d10917ef0c91# site.  We wrap our superb customer service around a largely direct-from-manufacture purchasing system using a sophisticated, inter-connected, e-commerce platform connecting us with our shippers, manufacturers and our entire customer support team and manufacturer support team, all to deliver you prompt and select products with exclusive pricing. We are the Internet’s leading destination for verified members of the Armed Forces, First Responders and employees of various government agnecies to shop for premium tactical and off-duty products.Who We AreWe are a group of talented, energetic and collaborative people working towards a single goal: serving those that serve with deep discoutns on premium, in-line product, unmatched customer service and a shopping experience defined by conveniece and ease of use.  To do this we empower our people to think like owners and solve problems right the first time.
ClearGuide is an intelligent documentation platform that organizes product knowledge into various forms of learning to teach everyone. 
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
e-Solutions Inc. is a talent-driven consulting company providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic outsourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for a variety of #URL_a4ff1be4219038ee0b69a0d728becbea0371cc1dede5a41ed0210ed3f8502d3b#-Solutions Inc. understands the technology, work culture and the working standards of the clients. Some of our esteemed clients to whom we are providing effective services in the area of staffing 
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
Gymia is creating a new way for people to do sports, find gyms, personal trainers and classes. We want to provide people with the transparency and flexibility to choose what’s best for them at the right moment, from daily gym passes to yoga classes, to a full fledged personal trainer, all with no contracts and with the simplicity of a mouse click.Only six months old, we are a small but very driven team, fresh out of a seed round and looking to grow fast. At the moment we are focused on building the foundation of a great product that enables and empowers people. Our HQ in the heart of Berlin - Mitte is the ground zero for changing the fitness industry.
POSist is a completely cloud based POS for Restaurant industry.. It helps a standalone food outlet to a large food chain manage functions like Billing, CRM, Inventory control, Recipe and Wastage management. Realtime mobile reporting helps restaurant owner keep a watch on his business.We are the Leading online point of sale solutions provider. With the motto of providing "training free" and "easy to use" scalable solutions, it has successfully registered a PAN-India presence with customers in over 54 cities.POSist is the first company to provide a completely online POS to restaurants, which is also Internet outage friendly. Posist derives its edge from being a company focused on food industry only.  The platform is open to authorized third party application developers who want to serve restaurants with their solutions.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
A cloud based mobile marketing toolbox, that enables brands and developers to directly send interactive mobile marketing campaigns to their customer base via push notifications
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Intercom (#URL_cb674f93cbcd215a3a0a57a8615a565545949eead8adbbc73307c26d6a6af81b#) is a simple, personal messaging service for businesses and their customers. It provides a single, integrated platform for the whole company to use for support, marketing, product, sales communication and more.We’re on a mission to make web and mobile business personal. We believe that the future of customer communication requires not increasingly complex, impersonal point solutions, but rather a simple, seamless platform that applies innovations found in consumer services like Facebook and WhatsApp.Founded in late 2011, Intercom has raised over $30 million in venture capital and is backed by leading investors, The Social+Capital Partnership and Bessemer Venture Partners. Intercom has been adopted by thousands of businesses, including Heroku, Hootsuite, Rackspace, Yahoo! and Perfect Audience. Our customers love the product: #URL_18cc302f4e0f1dac521853b2a6ae109ebbe44c6130d31eb0413535ba71e2f42f#We like big thinkers with small egos who believe in our goal to build a uniquely impactful, long-lasting tech company. Our vision is to fundamentally change forever how Internet businesses and their customers communicate.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
With offices across UK, mainland Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, Squiz helps clients across the globe to engage their audiences online. We don't just build websites; we build the technology that powers them.But brilliant technology is only half the story. To build great websites, you need to truly understand your clients (and their customers too). Which is why 'engaging people' is not just our tagline – it's our promise.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Since 1978Our goal has been to create engaging brand experiences in the most effective medium available which we've been doing since the Stones were kids and President Carter told us to turn down the heat. Our average client relationship spans well over a decade, three times the industry average.11th Best Place to Work - Outside Magazine 2013Top Shop in Idaho - Adweek 2013What?We Build Brands.Why?Clients hire us to increase sales. That is the ultimate measure of their success and ours.How?Our job is to influence. We build and execute strategies that create conversations with our audience and engagement with the brand. Tactics come and go, but with solid strategy comes real business results.#URL_ad9af5103c77ae753412930213a5b1baa41c51e567e1038beedb25d2366117b1#
With offices in San Francisco, Orlando and New York, Vantage PR is an award-winning public relations and social media agency servicing the tech industry. Celebrating 24 years this year, Vantage brings both passion and senior-level technology experience to help companies succeed. Vantage is known for delivering maximum exposure through top-tier media outlets for its clients by leveraging established media connections. In 2013 alone, we took home 13 major awards, including The Agency Post’s Top Press-worthy PR Campaign for mobile game discovery app, Hooked, and the Stevie Gold Award for PR Campaign of the Year for its work with interactive TV company, Samba TV.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
What Now?! is an innovative new app that simulates a “live” smartphone experience whilst abroad – without paying for roaming. Launching shortly as THE OFFICIAL LONDON TOURIST APP in partnership with VisitLondon, the official tourism board and part of the Mayor of London’s office. Even before launch, the app’s innovativeness was chosen to be showcased by Techcrunch as one of their Top 15 European startups last year at their Disrupt event in Berlin, as well as by PhoCusWright at their Travel Innovation Summit in the US (the largest such event in the global travel industry) as one of 2013’s Top Travel Innovations. Also shortlisted for the UK’s Most Innovative Mobile Company as part of the UK government’s department of Trade and Investment’s Smart UK initiative
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
Our team is made of designers, physics wizards, educators, writers, musicians, and illustrators. We work together to build elegantly engineered iOS apps that incite wonder in curious kids over the globe.Small teams mean you get a real say in how we solve problems, with plenty of autonomy. We have an ambitious product line-up, but we also understand the importance of work-life balance. We offer a flexible office environment, competitive salaries, and monthly team outings. We also include health care benefits (medical, dental, vision) and vacation for full-time employees.If you love pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with mobile devices, spinning interactive stories, and collaborating on creative projects, you’ll fit right in.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
From the lands of Can Do, Roll Our Sleeves Up and Get It Done, we create and solve things previously unimaginable. We’re revolutionizing the IT industry with a platform that provides unprecedented control over all service layers in an organization. We also transform the way people experience enterprise software — they’ll accomplish more each day and enjoy using our platform as part of their daily lives. This sounds massively ambitious and tough because it is. We’re a small team that doesn’t shy away from hard problems and we need more big thinkers and self-starters like you. If you want to be at the forefront of innovation, join us at Apcera and shine.
Softomotive Ltd is a Software Development company located in Athens, Greece. We specialize in Process Automation software and our customers range from individual users to large Fortune500 companies all over the world.
Open for over 45 years Stancato's of Parma is an italian restaurant offering Catering, Banquet, Dine -in and Take out Menus.Stancato's also owns and opperates Signature Sauces a sauce production facility for the culinary feild.
Why CSD?CSD is not only a great place to work, but also to learn, grow and give back to the community. Our organization is made up of talented, motivated people from diverse cultural, educational and professional backgrounds. We believe in teamwork, shared ideas, and creating solutions together while respecting individuality and innovation. We seek out people who want to see their ideas put into action, are committed to making a difference and who believe that more is possible! Who We AreHere, you will discover colleagues who have passion for our company, our community, customers and each other, and that are led by a team of outstanding people who believe that more is possible from each and every one of us. 
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
WDM Group is an innovative, forward thinking digital company aimed at bringing business executives up-to-date with the latest news, information and trends from across the globe.Aimed at informing, engaging, educating and interacting with business executives the world over, WDM Group’s products takes an in-depth look at inter-country relations, trade and tourism, prominent industries, success stories and lessons to be learned in business.With a physical presence in many of the world’s largest economies, WDM Group is abreast with news and developments occurring around the clock. We aim to keep our ears to the ground and our fingers on the pulse to bring busy executives a breakdown of the biggest and most interesting updates from across the world’s largest and most influential territories and industries.With WDM Group you don’t just read the news, you make it.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Essence London is a members lifestyle club – offering bespoke concierge service and proactive assistance to a select few.We are tireless, we are well-connected, we are dedicated, we are, in fact, the mirror image of our clients - and we are the only concierge service today that can truly offer its members that elusive frictionless life. We take immense pride in extending membership to only a select few – ensuring we come to know our members not just by name but by their distinct personality as well as their preferences and tastes.
Tel Tech Networks is a Voice/Data/Video/Security systems contractor operating primarily in the Southwestern United States.  We are a telecommunications firm dedicated to exceeding costumer expectations through critical infrastructure installation and leading technology integration
NY Marketing Firm is family-owned and operated right here in New York, NY. Other companies may offer similar services, but our services are the best, and come with a personal touch. We are not your typical advertising agency. We employ a wider range of disciplines that approach the marketing challenge from many different fronts: Branding strategies, CSR , Direct Response, Promotions, Marketing Collateral, Public Relations, Internet Media, Event Marketing, Corporate Identity, and anything else that helps move the sales curve in the right direction. No longer is a marketing plan confined to radio, TV and print. The world is at our fingertip! ​ Most important, we approach every marketing challenge from a strategic point of view - we stay focused on the big picture, where success is always in sight. We embody the T.E.A.M atmosphere, where Together Everyone Achieves More!!! NY Marketing Firm was founded in June 2010. Since our inception, We have secured contracts with the largest telecommunications providers, cable providers, energy providers, and finance titans. Furthermore, we have expanded our operations and brand to various markets throughout the country. We are growing at a very rapid pace in a time when the economy is receding. Thanks to our phenomenal leadership and assertive marketing strategies we will be moving into new territories in the near future. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -Steve Jobs
At HoneyBook we’re re-imagining the events industry and building a product that is already changing the world for some of the top event planning celebrities in the nation. We’re a well-funded and growing team of 20, passionate about creating the happiest customers in the world. Inevitably this involves a lot of champagne and macaroons, but it’s always our gorgeously designed product that generates the most smiles.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Optimal Business Action was created in 2005 in order to provide high quality, personalized HR services to medium and large-cap companies operating in Greece, the Balkans and the Middle East. Seven years later we are present in Athens, Bucharest and Dubai, and several of these companies are on our client list, including most major banks, pharmaceuticals, hotel &amp; retail chains, and large IT firms. We are one of only nine HR firms in Greece operating under the Temping Permit issued by the Labor Ministry and among a very few which offer employee evaluations based on the combination of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Rorschach tests. Amongst our advantages is our extensive candidate network, the use of industry-specialized recruiters, our technology tools – including candidate pre-recorded interviews, and our competitive, on-success, fee structure. Our subsidiaries: Creative HR which was created in 2010 in order to undertake human-capital intensive projects, HR department restructurings, and provide HR consulting services. iTechScope Recruitment which was created in 2011 and is the first international recruitment company in Greece specializing in sourcing and placing personnel for companies operating in the fields of Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Engineering. Optimal HR Middle East FZC which was created in 2013 and is the group’s entity in the UAE, providing our clients with Recruiting, Consulting, and Training products and services. Our partnerships: As of 2014, Optimal is the exclusive Gi Group (#URL_1458d4797348b1fe258e750e89ab66b11c9565a10abede82d761ce37c53395b6#) partner for Greece and the UAE, offering a vast array of products and services as well as sourcing access to candidates from 32 countries around the world. GI is one of the world's leading HR companies, providing services for the development of the labor market. It employs a staff of almost 2.500 people and its 2013 turnover approached $1.5 billion. We have an exclusive representation agreement with UK's APS (#URL_b40fd0caf83243a019915fa08fcf0afbb9f377d15194c88d4e4896e6848bbbbd#) for their on-line evaluation products, such as the TEIQue, Engagement Survey, and 360 Survey, and an exclusive collaboration with Chris Daffy (#URL_712f5a993f998f7aad7e3cc1b7d9c7d3eb17e8ffcace779065d1902e412e2c3d#) for his Customer Experience training programs. We also work with UK's Epigon Training &amp; Development (#URL_fe1f8ff39ad549be4c26f84c348c2d2dad85c84e6746f60140eb4392e652e543#) for NLP-based training seminars. Please contact us at: +30 210 32 59 350 GR &amp; +971 (0) 56 39 33 546 UAE or e-mail us at: #EMAIL_eb107d9d9176aa07bb1d808b882aacd15565df1b289ed0391e62d9bc7422d718# and #EMAIL_21116c53126810b34d578a02cb53ece4f520daa553e1b3ee91c614cc67d51c5d#
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
Our job is to make what you do, what you say and how you say it live up to consumers expectations.That's why everything we make is:relevant,human-friendly,memorable,…and above all, simple.Once all four factors are present, we know we've delivered a future-proof solution that works.Check out our online profiles on sites we like: Glassdoor // Stackoverflow // Github // #URL_c868076aef02c144e68f4994d398e83eede1777e68a0d5378bdcbd66705e7b37#
grandPad is the safest and simplest tablet computer that effortlessly connects seniors to those they love
Cardback (#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#) is all set to change the way you use your credit, debit, prepaid and loyalty cards. Our mission is to enable you to choose the best card amongst the ones you hold, just before you're about to make a payment - be it for shopping, eating out, getting your car refuelled, paying your telephone or utility bills, shopping online, or anything else. The result is that you end up saving money every time you make a payment, either instantaneously or in the coming days and weeks.Cardback is currently available for Android as an app that shows you offers and rewards on your cards, without asking for any card numbers. It can be downloaded from here: go.#URL_90abbb32080c1fe9e207dea7ce143b8287f6df854d5c6a7977a33e7ddf3fb9a1#/1laIVgBOur founding team consists of Ivy league grads and people who've done hardcore technology stuff and led teams at the world's best companies. Plus, we're well funded with investments from some of India's most prolific and respected angel investors.
Netrobe is a leading fashion social network and wardrobe management tool, loved by passionate users worldwide.Netrobe’s team consists of passionate people in love with the power of technology, social media, fashion and design.Our aim is to help people dress better, in order to feel happier, more confident and more ready for the life they dream of.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Our team is carefully balanced with the best specialists in the healthcare market and experts in web development and user experience. The great working atmosphere makes #URL_c452222ceb211c2d5bda2ae95359b5126a14ae69898d8d6ad37647064e99fbc9# a unique workplace... Bla bla bla.. Like you've never heard that before!But you're here and this means you are interested to find out what it's like to be in our team. For real. So get in touch! Skype or meet us. You will see for yourself, no BS :) We're hiring all the time.Here's something to whet your apetite: #URL_c652c59dabc32bfacc94f29318d40a48e955b8d1f60e31738721b73706cdf8d2#
36#URL_75d61c0f42b1d2a50175f4c4a760c598da33417e951c5a81054d4b41e17cdf9a# is an exciting new social travel platform to collect, discover and share and your favortie spots in cities around the world. We are changing the way people leverage their personal network to plan trips and discover exciting spots and things to do while traveling to a city.
We’ve built revolutionary technology that is changing the way people get around cities. Using Via, a luxury ride booked on your phone costs little more than the bus. Via is on-demand transportation on a mass scale; it’s smart transit that’s friendly to our planet. Currently live in NYC, we’re backed by some of the world’s top investors and aggressively expanding.We’re looking for entrepreneurs who are excited about getting in on the ground floor of a fast-growing start-up; imaginative thinkers who relish wearing multiple hats and never back down from a challenge. We want people who get things done.We’re unusually selective in our hiring process. If you have a record of exceptional achievement, take intense pride in your work, and want to join a world-class team, we’d love to talk to you.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Founded in 1999, PowerChord is a leader in Digital Brand Management, specializing in the development of online channel management software that allows organizations to manage their brand and retail sales through an independent sales channel. The PowerChord Dealer Network System provides the independent dealer with a world class online retail presence; the objective is to drive business to the dealer’s web presence and ensure every dealer represents the client’s brand and products accurately, attractively and effectively.  As the success of our system grows we desire to retain our “small company” feel, valuing our employees, their families and our clients. We reward innovation, hard work and unconventional thought. We’re a fast-paced, energetic group that strives to get the job done right. Our collaborative efforts and progressive thinking have landed us on Tampa Bay’s Fast 50 list in 2010 and again in 2012. If our expectations meet yours come join our team.
As augmented reality jobs go, one at Blippar is hard to beat. We are a rapidly expanding creative startup at the forefront of a brand new industry, so working here offers real opportunities to shape an innovative technology and the way in which people use it.Because of this, we like working with imaginative people who think outside the box, and we love people who throw the whole box away and build something completely new. Our bright, open, centrally located offices are energetic environments bursting with collaborative ideas and boundless enthusiasm.Aside from being part of an exciting, driven, super-friendly team that will nurture your talents and help you grow, at Blippar you’ll find plenty more tangible benefits, including weekly free lunches, evening drinks, and Olive, the office dog.You’ll also be working intimately, from the start, with some of the world’s biggest brands - from Coca Cola and Nestle to Conde Nast, P&amp;G and Jaguar.As a young, growing company spearheading the exciting augmented reality industry, the biggest perk of all is the creative control you’ll be afforded, whether you’re part of the design, tech, commercial or marketing teams. After all, we think our people are amazing, so we want them to stick around.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Hi, we are dopios“We are here to make any location accessible and open through the power of its people. We are here to make the world a place you call home. We just started and we would love to have you around. Coming in?”-- WhyThere are numerous companies out there, but you chose us. Let us share our culture.Problem You will come to work everyday because you want to solve with us a tough and challenging problem; how will we make the world more accessible and open through the power of its locals?Things we believe - We are here to make a global company - Great design and product is the sine-qua-non of a great company - People buy what they believe in, not what they need - We love to learn from anywhere and anything - We challenge what is out there. Common logic sustains "common" companies - The world is less optimal than what we think - The users are what we care the most about and they are their core of our existance as a company - Pay it forward and help others before they ask for it - We stay humble and we do not judge - Simplicity is the ultimate sophisticationPeople we pay attention toSeth Godin, Steve Jobs, Dan Gilbert, Dieter Rams, Richard Branson, Charles and Ray Eames, Dan Ariely, Chris Guillebeau, Chris Dixon, Fred Wilson, Mark Suster--Why, youBecause you are a t-shaped person, passionate about challenging the status quo, ambitious to have a global impact, hungry for new learnings and humble at your core.Things we appreciate - Know what "Community Marketplace" means and can talk about its pros and cons - Love to travel and explore unknown locations - Have always been a builder and participated in various projects - Know who are the game-chaning companies on the web today and can explain why - Get excited about TED talks and you can name 3 people who have disrupted their industries
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
X1 Group helps startups and tech companies push their businesses forward by setting up long-term dedicated development teams working exclusively on their projects.
NOW: Pensions is a UK based multi-employer trust serving thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of employees from a wide range of sectors. A subsidiary of one of Europe’s largest pension funds, Danish pension scheme ATP, NOW: Pensions offers a simple and cost effective workplace pension solution direct to employers and via advisers and the payroll sector.To help employers meet their auto enrolment duties, NOW: Pensions offers an online sign up tool which allows employers to have an auto enrolment compliant pension scheme set up within 24 hours. Each employer has their own interactive microsite where they can upload their regular files and receive reports. In April 2013, NOW: Pensions became the first master trust to attain the NAPF’s new PQM Ready Standard. The benchmark shows employers that NOW: Pensions is a well governed pension scheme with low charges and good member communications.#URL_5e895ecb5c090334176a772a25e678438999d012d2a2dd01b82c8c1533a68099#
Bluebridge was created by a team of people who are passionate about organizations and the ways that effective technology makes them stronger and more well connected. Technology moves quickly. Businesses tend to move more slowly, either because of their place in organizational charts or because they often face modest budgets. bluebridge empowers these organizations with straightforward, affordable tools that help connect them with their customers and prospects.Bluebridge is built on a revolutionary platform that allows an organization regardless of size, to create a mobile app.By meeting consumers where they are—and with gadgets that they carry in their pockets and bags every day—bluebridge provides an engaging direct marketing channel that connects individuals while encouraging them to interact with your brand in a fresh, new way.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Collabera is a fast growing, end-to-end information technology services and solutions provider working with leading Global 2000 organizations from the Banking &amp; Financial Services, Telecommunications &amp; Media, Technology, Energy &amp; Utilities and Manufacturing &amp; Retail domains. Collabera delivers highly responsive and innovative solutions that help clients align their IT strategy with business goals to address the most important IT needs through a combination of consulting solutions, proprietary methodologies, assets based services and a Collaborative Engagement Model.Collabera employs over 8000 professionals across more than 25 offices and 4 world-class delivery centers in the U.S., UK, India, Singapore and Philippines. We deliver a full portfolio of services that include Consulting, Application Development &amp; Management, Independent Testing Services, Enterprise Software Solutions, Product Engineering Services, Business Intelligence &amp; Data Warehousing, Mobile and Wireless, Infrastructure Management as well as Professional Services.
WebLinc is the e-commerce platform and services provider for the fastest growing online retailers. WebLinc’s modern, agile technologies and strategic expertise empower companies running global, omnichannel commerce operations, and enable retailers to consistently out-pace the competition.Our industry-leading eCommerce platform enables us to create solutions that are a unique reflection of your brand, your customers, and the experience you want them to have.That’s why WebLinc was a natural a choice for both Nasty Gal, a high fashion retailer, and The W. Diamond Group, the purveyor of some of the most iconic and traditional American apparel brands. It’s why Healthy Directions chose WebLinc to sell to its technology-averse customer base and Deep Discount used WebLinc to design and develop a site for its base of tech-savvy customers.While we always start by getting the online shopping experience exactly right—that’s just the start. WebLinc backs that up with merchandising tools that increase traffic and page views. A discount and promotions engine that leads to higher conversions. Recurring order tools to drive sales through easy repeat purchasing. And did we mention our innovative mobile and social integration capabilities?Let’s face it, in eCommerce there are very few second acts. It’s all about capturing and holding on to customers the first time. You need to deliver the right experience, right away. WebLinc understands that, arguably better than anyone else. That’s because we have been creating successful online strategies for longer than almost anyone else—since 1994.We pride ourselves on being eCommerce leaders and innovators. The same goes for our clients. They stay with us because the innate flexibility of our WebLinc platform keeps them at the cusp of the ever-changing eCommerce curve. Clients don’t outgrow our platform because our platform grows with our clients.Ask any of the clients mentioned above. Ask Free People, BHLDN, AAA, Bausch &amp; Lomb, Universal Companies, Deep Discount, Football Fanatics, #URL_0ce492aaec0f25afb9266ff36c8e180f940b9e56aa60449d71208dda77fbef9a# and scores of others.An eCommerce leader proven at some of the most demanding and innovative online retailers and wholesalers—Why settle for anything less?
Infogram is the data visualization product that brings out the best in your data. Our infographics and charts are quick to use, fast to share, and easy on eye. Our customers range from small businesses to global media organizations, and we've been awarded multiple times during our short but fast-paced history. You can check us out here and try out the product.
Ensight is an international energy design and implementation practice specialising in sophisticated whole-of-business energy efficiency programs for energy-intensive industry. Working for global enterprises, our innovative, world leading programs require people with a passion for efficiency, collaborative teamwork, economic optimisation and the delivery of rapid results that are enduring and profitable for our clients.
21st century financial software, in the cloudFundApps is a startup that helps investment managers comply with worldwide regulation. Our competition is stuck in the dark ages when it comes to software development. Slow, clunky, complicated user interfaces which look like they were designed by crazy scientists are the norm and we're shaking up an entire industry by providing beautiful &amp; intuitive web-based software. We think that practices like continuous delivery, agile development and aiming for craftsmanlike coding enables us to move faster than our competitors whilst delivering better software.We’ve already grown a stellar customer base for our product Rapptr, despite our small size (8 of us right now) - but we’re most excited about the challenges that lie ahead. We want to keep learning, have the freedom to innovate and make mistakes – all in the name of delivering better experiences for customers.Join usYou’ll be part of a team that cares passionately about delivering a great product and quality software. Our goal is to let you do your best work. You’ll be empowered to make choices and trusted to get things done.You’ll care about your craft and have a hunger to learn new skills and improve your existing ones. While we have .NET at the core of our stack, we’re pragmatic about other technologies and open-minded about your technology background.You enjoy collaborating as part of a team and are passionate and approachable; we hope we manage to be the same.
ROC is a group of co-working spaces offing unique, open work environments were collaboration drives growth and creativity.As a part of its services platform, ROC is developing education programs to help workers keep their skills relevant in the face of changing industries and technologies. Programs in topics including web development, mobile app design, and digital marketing will help train people to enter and keep up with a rapidly evolving workforce.
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
WellAware is an oil field communications and software-as-a-service (SaaS) company based in San Antonio, TX that provides a seamless, complete monitoring and production management solution for its customers. Founded on the premise that well, pipeline, and safety data is often unreliable and difficult to obtain, WellAware has assembled a group of industry experts, automation specialists, and world-class software and network engineers to transform oil field communications and software.By strategically deploying the most advanced machine-to-machine network in the world over U.S. shale plays and creating a mobile production software to manage it, WellAware drastically increases the reliability and security of measurement data, while reducing cost and making data meaningful across your entire business.
With an exceptional record of over 50% growth in each of the last 5 years, we’ve become the UK’s largest online retailer of products for the home and garden. We employ over 200 staff, offer more than 500,000 products on our sites and achieve sales in excess of £70m a year. We’re increasingly renowned as one of the UK’s most exciting ecommerce success stories and have ambitious plans to become a household name in home and garden retail.
For more than 20 years, we have assisted the world’s leading companies gain a sustained competitive advantage in their respective markets through the integration of business intelligence (BI) consulting, data analytics, business process, people, and technology.Find out what the world’s leading global companies already know.BAC Delivers. Day One. Ready.Business Intelligence and Analytics  |  Consulting  |  Outsourcing  |  CollaborationAre you ready to work with the industry’s best and brightest?Are you ready to move your career to the next level? Can you transfer your experience across multiple industries? At BAC, we employ experienced, senior-level resources that are highly skilled and passionate about what they do. Our employees are a cross section of senior business leaders, architects, developers, and project managers, working in team environments using best-of-breed technology to deliver the best solutions to our clients.Our long standing management team mentors and guides each employee to the highest level of success. We value team collaboration, entrepreneurial drive, diversity, and a passion for impacting a client's business. We have competitive health benefits, paid vacation, sick time, tuition reimbursement, 401K, life insurance, and more.Are you ready to change your life and the world? We invite you to review our current job opportunities and send your resume to  #EMAIL_a902bb9f003918f6f3c21f37bbe12ded88e575e607da266e04cc0c414ed555f7#.
Shyp is the easiest way to send anything, anywhere.Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping their packages, and in the process fundamentally disrupting a 220 year old #URL_5e3cdedac8b912c62b6523c7af01360e03d0cb98631134035b2ddbaecdee14dd#’re building a customer-centric organization that encourages customer service to permeate the decisions and attitudes of the entire company. Our culture is collaborative, focused and fast-paced. We have an incredible team and are well funded by some amazing investors. Come join us.
Balanced Labs exists to provide accountants and small businesses everywhere with a better life through intelligent and elegant tools.
Located in the heart of downtown Kansas City, we’re redefining the future of fan engagement and innovative business solutions to impact world-class brands, teams and venues.As sports veterans, we understand the limitations of existing software solutions for our industry. Our goal is to create new dynamic solutions designed specifically for our peers.
LEI Home Enhancements, is an Ohio based company that has been installing windows, siding, doors and decks in homes throughout the Tri-state, Dayton, Indianapolis and Columbus for over seven years.With pride in our work, honesty and integrity in our professionalism and a companywide dedication to customer satisfaction, we offer a wide range of remodeling services to homeowners.Whether your project is large or small, we understand the trust and confidence each customer places in our skilled hands.  That's why we use only superior quality products and exceptional craftsmanship to achieve long-lasting beauty, performance and value for your home.  We take every measure to carefully ensure our craftsman are properly trained in all phases of home improvement.  Likewise, our sales staff and customer service representatives draw upon their years of experience for quality installations.From day one, we will welcome any questions and concerns you may have during the renovation process.  It is our goal to provide you with beautiful and practical home improvements that will stand the test of time, along with the peace of mind that you have made an excellent selection for your home.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
BADR is an established company that is striding in to the world of big-data with formal expertise and the right technology for the job. Our vision is to become the leading big-data visualization and analytics services provider in the Middle East, and this is a goal that we strongly believe to be reachable. With a dedicated team and the tools required, we plan to change big-data in a big way.Despite our relative freshness to the field, we have the advantage of a dedicated and experienced team. Our team is a family at Badr and company culture is very important to us. We have a jolly band of geeks in the office who are all working towards a common goal. Our diverse and varying team all have a wealth of skills and knowledge that they bring to the table and this diversity helps exponentially in our ability to take on any challenge that we are faced with.Looking to the present as well as the future, our company is extremely dedicated in helping our youth and local communities in any way that we can. We frequently hold sessions educating the youth on the modern business world and the skills that they will need in it. It is our goal to equip our young adults for the future that they’ll be shaping and this is a cause that is very important to us. 
#URL_1d83f1a3e1e8a88f4c1622930ea14a4f0d6591065c616ef0acac986862cdfd9a# is looking for people who want to have a lot of fun and make money at the same time!  If You Want To:Work From Home Part-Time!Have Unlimited Commission Potential!Get Started Today To Make Money Today!Come and visit us today at: #URL_1d83f1a3e1e8a88f4c1622930ea14a4f0d6591065c616ef0acac986862cdfd9a#
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
We design, deploy, and maintain advanced technologies that enable our customers to achieve operational excellence at substantial OpEx savings. Our core strengths include a concentration on networks, their security &amp; optimization with a laser focus on redefining the fulfillment experience. We are driven to add value at every step by providing access to inventory, streamlined credit, integration with your procurement organization and real time status information. These are all reflective of our value-added philosophy.We have developed solutions for leaders from Wall Street to the Web. What makes us different is our concentration and commitment to exclusive relationships with leading vendors.
Joy Aether is a leading provider of mobile business solutions, based on iPhone, Android, iPad, and other platforms. We focus in design and development of mobile and web application software for businesses. Our customer base includes multi- national corporations such as Pfizer, UBM, DBS Bank, Haemonetics, Galderma, PCCW, etc.
Middle East Recruitment is a specialized recruitment and consulting agency. Established since 1997 founded by professionals that understand the need for exceptional people in the corporate world, with headquarters in London. Middle East Recruitment has become successful in providing the best talent and consulting services to an array of industry sectors.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
Boat International Media Limited is the world’s leading media group serving the superyacht industry. We publish the world’s best superyacht magazines and luxury books, organise high quality events, and provide digital media services and data to owners and professionals in the superyacht industry.
Based in Houston, Texas, Palladium Consulting is a boutique software consulting firm with 12 years’ experience building bespoke scientific and economic applications for technology leaders. Our skill is taking high impact, high complexity research ideas and turning them into deployable software, maintained over many years. Our starting points are quant spreadsheets, massively parallel simulations, chalkboard sketches, and academic papers, whose ideas have not been or cannot be implemented in off-the-shelf software. We turn these into web-deployed software that brings this functionality to the masses.
41studio is a Ruby on Rails and Mobile Apps Development Company
We are a startup digital agency that is “helping companies make money online” by specializing in AdWords, Analytics and A/B testing. We are looking for really ambitious people that will be part of our team aiming to provide world-class analytics and advertising services.We are really proud for the Clients that we serve such as Piraeus Bank, #URL_7a3dea8d63932181716ed7521b9cea8e1afd6e2eb51943546e0ba8ead8c55ec0#, Google Hellas, Pizza Fan, Singular Logic, Tsakiris Chips, Gianna Kazakou and high-potential startup companies suchs as Workable, #URL_c5475b3f37ab72cf1cadd5c953756be9ed062b6900e2d21f57e5ac413c73c32c#, Nannuka and Intale.
Hawkeye Recruitment provides cost effective recruitment advertising solutions to help you cast the widest net to find the perfect candidate for your job. We can help improve your recruitment efforts, and streamline your hiring process. 
The RealReal is changing the way people buy and sell luxury items. The leader in luxury resale, the company is a full service retailer offering customers authenticated, pre-owned, designer brands including Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Cartier, all at up to 90% off original retail. The RealReal takes possession of all items prior to sale in order for its merchandising team, authentication specialists and skilled gemologists to evaluate each item. The company also offers buyers merchandise returns, with an in-house customer service team available to answer specific product questions.
ConsumerTrack is a technology-centric internet marketing company built on a culture of excellence. We are the preferred digital advertiser for premium financial brands such as American Express, Discover, Allstate and Equifax. Through our 1600+ websites, we set the vision and the strategy for our clients to reach and connect with their target audience.At ConsumerTrack, we pride ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, high initiative, creativity, and passion. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to maximize your job performance and satisfaction with a company that is constantly growing.We are committed to recruit, retain, and promote employees with a diversity of backgrounds and life experiences. We believe such diversity fosters growth and innovation, ensuring we remain an industry leader.We’re currently looking for energetic, driven and entrepreneurial trendsetters for all areas of the #URL_2a5cb7925ac0d5929dbe762cfc72b186318a2597921e82d05639bbb5978f8089# you’re looking to advance your career and become a part of our team, we invite you to apply for our open positions.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
Created in 2010, RoyalCactus has specialized in the development of casual and social games. Since its launch on Facebook, the company has seduced more than 20M players with its game catalog.RoyalCactus is now one of the three biggest Social Gaming editors in France on the Facebook platform, and continues its growth at a steady pace. The new challenge of RoyalCactus is now to go mobile, with the development of our games on mobile devices.
Volunteers of America is a faith-based human services organization. We are dedicated to helping individuals and families in need create positive and lasting change through social service programs that support and empower them to live safe, healthy and productive lives.
Vortex® is considered the world leader in valves for handling dry bulk solids. Sitting on a 15-acre campus in Salina, KS, our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and office complex spans over 150,000 square feet. Our current footprint allows us to introduce lean manufacturing methods supported by advanced fabrication equipment and laser cutting technology.As we began to expand and modernize, we were also stretching our footprint into new global markets. We have sold valve solutions in over 75 countries worldwide with local representatives in 30-plus countries. Along with our corporate headquarters in located in Salina, KS, we have global offices in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Latin America, and Asia.It all began in the 1980s when the company was awarded a patent on the Orifice Gate™. This new and innovative valve design surpassed the industry’s expectations for handling dry materials in pneumatic conveying. Soon following the Orifice Gate came the launch of the Wye Line Diverter™. This diverter valve applied the same design concepts of the Orifice Gate dramatically improving process efficiencies when compared to traditional flapper or tunnel style diverters.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
reEmbedit provides a branded video player for embedded videos (YouTube, etc) together with real time analytics and monetization solutions.We have just completed our Angel Round of funding, and have set up a new office in Athens, Greece.  At this time, our clients include quite a few major Greek sites (Newsbeast, Zougla, Nooz) as well as Oracle USA.reEmbedit is built upon cutting-edge web technologies including NoSql (Mongo, Redis) and NodeJS. As a result we are looking for passionate engineers, that are eager to solve problems, learn, and have fun!
PEI Media (#URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#) provides a range of highly respected publications and market leading events to its financial sector audience. The leading information provider in private capital markets, PEI Media also has a strong international presence, with offices in London, New York and Hong Kong.
Maker’s Row is an online marketplace that connects American manufacturers and product based businesses. Our mission is to make manufacturing easy to access and simple to understand. We support a network of established businesses in their domestic sourcing needs, and are inspiring the next generation of American businesses to think domestic first. For more general info: press, funding, teamAt Maker’s Row, creative thinking and problem solving are at the cornerstone of our operation as we push the boundaries of knowledge and access to product manufacturing. We are a tight-knit team where individual contributions play a vital role in shaping our product daily. We are looking for leaders with drive, creativity and a strong belief in teamwork.
Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.Cequens is a global cloud communication carrier with customers in over 40 countries, specialized in advanced Mobile Messaging Services all over the world. Its activities include providing MT (Mobile Terminate) and MO (Mobile Originate) connectivity for large SMS clients and aggregators ranging from enterprises to multi-nationals and public sector organizations, supplying high quality SMS solutions for business use, the company is a licensed SMS aggregator in Egypt and Saudi Arabia and maintain branches in those countries.Vision To be the number one, most successful messaging company in the markets we serve.Mission"To Unleash the World's Power to Communicate"Our Core valuesInnovationExcellenceTeamworkFlexibilitySecuritySustainabilityCequens Team                                                            We believe in choosing the best calibers and assisting them in continuing to develop their potential and qualifications. A good working environment, the right motivation and great teamwork is the way we use to successfully achieve our goals.
Tidewater Finance Co. was established in 1992 for the initial purpose of purchasing, and servicing retail installment contracts. There are two divisions: Tidewater Credit Services, providing indirect consumer retail finance options and Tidewater Motor Credit, providing indirect consumer auto financing. We remain committed to offering a partnership with the dealers and consumers to create a WIN-WIN-WIN situation. Our success relies solely on the success of our dealers and our consumers.Full time positions include the following benefits:40 vacation hours after 6 months of employment, 80 vacation hours after 1 year of employment6 paid holidays as well as an anniversary holiday benefitPaid personal and sick leave after 90 days of employmentFull benefits to include health, dental, life and disability insuranceA 401k plan with a company match after 6 months of employment based upon a quarterly entry dateIncentive bonuses for individual and team goals (certain positions)Bilingual Spanish eligible for differential pay
Rarely Impossible exists due to a passion for working with amazing clients and aiding them to bring their ideas to life. We achieve this via cutting edge technology, an amazing team and pushing ourselves to the forefront of how we all consume technology.We aspire to become world leaders in Xamarin application development and experts in our supporting technologies as well as being a driving force in the UKs tech industry.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Human capital is usually the biggest asset and expense for a company. Making the right hire – the first time – is critical to an organization’s ability to succeed in a competitive market. At Talence Group, we take the time to understand our clients and their mission, and match the right talent to this mission.For candidates, we want to make sure that the opportunties we present are a perfect fit for you.  Our goal is to match your core competencies, passion and career focus with great positions that our client companies offer.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Neusoft America is a division of Neusoft, the largest IT Solutions &amp; Services provider in China with a US presence that is growing employing over 20,000 nationwide!  Our US Corporate Headquarters is located in Raleigh/Durham, NC.Focusing on “Beyond Technology” as its corporate philosophy and brand commitment, Neusoft has been engaged in building its core competence to create value for customers and society. We are devoted to bringing more value out of technology through implementation of a series of strategies, including Open Innovation, Excellent Operations Management, and HR Development.Within Software technology, Neusoft provides Industry Solutions, Product Engineering Solutions, and related software Products &amp; Platform Services through seamless integration of software and services, software and manufacturing, as well as technology and industrial management capacity.Neusoft employees enjoy competitive salaries, 15 days of vacation in the first year, 10 paid holidays, 80% of employer-paid health insurance cost, etc. 
PeerPoint Solutions provides temporary, temp-to-perm, and permanent IT staffing solutions with one mission, to provide the best experience possible. We are dedicated to our candidates and our clients, it's the PeerPoint way. We are a highly motivated, skilled, and experienced group that understand business technology needs and how to best fill personnel gaps by providing the best match. PeerPoint stands out because of our passion, our expertise, our background, our ability to provide, and most importantly our people. The people we work with is only the best the industry has to provide. No exceptions.
Unify — formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications — is a premier communications software and services firms. Our solutions unify multiple networks, devices and applications into one easy-to-use platform that allows teams to engage in rich and meaningful conversations. The result is a transformation of how the enterprise communicates and collaborates that amplifies collective effort, energizes the business, and enhances business performance. Born out of the engineering DNA of Siemens AG, Unify builds on this heritage of product reliability, innovation, open standards and security to provide integrated communications solutions for approximately 75% of the Global 500. Unify is a joint venture of The Gores Group and Siemens AG
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
CARES is Alabama’s approach to the modernization of the enrollment and eligibility systems for Medicaid, Child Health Insurance Program, Food Assistance, TANF and Subsidized Child Care. Through this system, citizens will be linked with critical, life-saving services in an efficient, user-centric interface. 
GPL Technologies is a solutions provider focused on the design, implementation, and support of high-performance information technology systems.  Founded in Los Angeles, California in 2003, we draw on over a decade of expertise as trusted technology advisers, adding value for our customers by offering unique methods of improving IT efficiency, streamlining complex systems and environments, and reducing the costs associated with acquiring and maintaining IT systems. GPL cut its teeth serving the intense requirements of customers in the media and entertainment industry.  We bring that work ethic with us to every customer: time is money, deadlines are non-negotiable, and the show must go on.  Our company is comprised of creative, independent thinkers with a passion for technology.  We love big data, fast networks, and solving the problems posed by today's digital media production pipelines.If serving clients who think a quarter petabyte of storage is a starter system sounds like fun to you, or if you love dealing with the dynamic people and personalities in the fast-paced media and entertainment industry, we might be a great fit for each other.  Send us your resume and lets talk.
Super Soccer Stars is the country's most popular soccer development program for kids. For over a decade, we have provided outstanding instruction for thousands of children in 400+ locations in NY, NJ, CT, MA, CA, FL, IL, Washington, DC, and London, UK! Super Soccer Stars was founded in 2000, and since its inception, it has been providing outstanding soccer development instruction for children aged 2 and up.
Truckbird is a startup company aiming to disrupt the transportation of goods industry. By partnering with PLANNING S.A. , we have managed to incorporate their expertise on the field of Supply Chain and Logistics in order to provide modern technology solutions to the transportation industry. We recently secured our first round of financing by a large organization and we are already operating in the Greek market with more than 250 companies registered in our marketplace. For more information regarding our national and international distinctions, check us out on #URL_abde59a183df8b60702099a8b5d9fb108ebdc1049c42fc481c96905e3a5a304f#.
EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (#URL_c66532ffa1ce76ab447da6774719060c42c584edbf44d74cdb94fc4ac219ca45#) is a leading European Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Berlin, Rome, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Helsinki, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers and IT experts. We design and develop software applications using integrated, state-of-the-art technology. Our current IT and telecoms projects have a value exceeding 250 million EURO. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to European Union Institutions, international organizations, European Agencies and national government Administrations all over Europe.
Maxnet offers Staff Augmentation Solutions for Big Data Analytics in Retail, Healthcare and Regulatory &amp; Compliance.We offer Staff Augmentation solutions for Business Intelligence, Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, .NET Application Developers.We serve you with Reliability, Honesty &amp; Integrity.Our Recruiters are trained to suggest “best fits” for our client needs.Our solutions carry in-depth understanding of Client Needs with regards to Skills, Knowledge, Experience, Corporate Attitude.Our Consultant Database is strong and built with the right insights to serve quick and accurate solutions.
CloudShare is creative, vibrant… and growing fast. Our organization fosters entrepreneurial and innovative thinking. Our culture thrives on teamwork, open dialog, and creative problem solving. We value honesty, hard work, and responsibility – and we care for our customers, our products and each other.CloudShare is always on the lookout for talented, passionate people who have demonstrated excellence in their work and academic achievements. If You...Like working in agile methodologies (Kanban)Love coding and solving problems hands-onBelieve in deep test-coverage and continuous-integrationWrite code only when necessaryLove new technology; Are never afraid of embracing it where applicable; Believe in finding the right tool for the jobHave a rubber duckThen CloudShare is looking for you!
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Infolob Solutions is a leader in Managed IT services, Enterprise Application Software, IT staffing and Consulting and Application Portfolio Management. When we envisioned that the future IT consulting company we wanted to blend service, and technology to deliver measurable business results for our customers. We founded the company in 2009, and our team is composed of highly qualified and devoted professionals, with diverse backgrounds, creating a powerful mix of high quality specialists dedicated to providing our customers with one of the best products in the industry.
Founded in 2009 by early LinkedIn employees, PeopleLinx gamifies employee engagement for LinkedIn, Twitter and other social networks. Our cloud-based solution helps employees optimize their profiles (establish credibility), leverage their relationships (get warmer introductions), and engage their connections with targeted content (attract prospects). Customers include Fortune 500 leaders in banking, insurance, legal, high-tech, and professional services. You can find us in the real world and on the web:1835 Market St. // Suite 1105Philadelphia, PA 19103#PHONE_f167a2f286e8f4cb0f9fa1e47261030df0d106c8fd5f112e530d0e136de51f64##EMAIL_11429015bb60de942be3eda067d6bc311a361e27527b1caa61d26744faa41e9d##URL_9844023bca59c32bd969064d87e9140e2e7a27774849164ee371457c6eb393f1##URL_fcf1545d702394fe08474c55816b6430cdab10fa1ca92ab2029f06e4eebec154##URL_9fcf934808d5aae269e51500d2f74a1158320477ca5f92484f12eef95e4812fc#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Citymart helps cities to transform their communities by strengthening their innovation capacity and sharing inspiring solutions and methods. We do this by helping cities to introduce problem-based procurement methods, which help engage a much wider community of vendors in solving urban and social challenges. As a result, cities invest less public resources to greater societal effect and increase local job creation through more entrepreneurship. To-date, we have completed more than 90 such programs with over 50 cities worldwide. 
PowerbyProxi and its customers are leading a revolution to deliver unplugged power. We have changed the way electricity is delivered in hostile industrial environments. We are now also developing wireless charging technology for consumer electronics and have an impressive portfolio of clients consisting of electronics heavyweights from around the world. PowerbyProxi was spun out of The University of Auckland in 2007 to commercialize cutting edge research undertaken by its internationally acclaimed scientists and engineers. As a pioneer in the design and development of turnkey wireless power solutions, PowerbyProxi eliminates the need for a physical or frictional power connection. We provide our customers with unplugged solutions that solve continuity of delivery and maintenance pain points, create unique competitive advantages, deliver significant cost savings and secure product design wins.
Makers Academy trains people to become the world's best junior software developers
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
We design, build, sell, and service the most innovative operations management technology in the world.And we do it working together.  We don’t believe in aiming low. We want our technology to be the standard by which the rest of the industry measures itself. That’s why we want great people on our team – talented, enthusiastic people who thrive on innovation, imagination, collaboration, and fun.We’re all about people.We work very hard to sustain a culture that empowers people and inspires them to do the very best work they can. Processes,schedules, goals, rewards – they all reflect the massive appreciation we have for the people who make this company tick.  Sound like you? Take a look at our current openings and let us know where you fit.
Omega Systems Group, Inc. is a professional services and management consulting firm, specializing in providing IT services in the areas of; Business Management Solutions, Project Based Consulting, Talent Acquisition, Training, Middleware and Web Services.  We are experienced in working with government agencies and mid to large size corporations within various industries.  While our core business is Strategic Planning and Business Process Re-engineering, we are also considered experts in customized Software Development and Content Management Web Development.Omega Systems Group provides seasoned management consultants and IT professionals for our Clients’ mission critical projects. We identify the best fit for their project needs through careful assessments and analysis of IT resources in the following areas:► Project Management► Web Design &amp; Development► Information Design &amp; Architecture► Business and System Analysis► Software Development and Engineering► Database Design, Development, and Administration
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
We’re not doctors. We are geeks who understand doctors.                               Been to the doctor lately? Ever thought it odd that the experience is almost exactly the same as it was 20 years ago? Isn’t it a bit odd that in this world of iPads and always-on Internet you still have to wait 30 minutes to see the doctor, at which point (s)he’ll write down your notes on (heaven forbid) paper? And what if you’re referred from one doctor to another and they need to access your old records? In a world where you can watch any listen to any song ever recorded in just a couple clicks on a computer that fits in your pocket, people shouldn't be dying because they were given medicine they were allergic to in the emergency room because the ER doctor didn’t have access to the patient’s medical records. We have done the seemingly impossible, an application that doesn’t change the doctors' workflow yet manages their patient records electronically. We’re all about doctor user experience (yes it’s very different from normal user experience, trust us). We’re funded, loved by doctors and having a blast! Want to get in early on something really, really big? We don’t discriminate. You can be an alien from outer space with a tubular green body, hemispherical head and no ears, if we like you, we’ll take care of your visas in Singapore, get you alien food, alien gadgets, nerf balls, cute frogs, and lemon tea. We’re a small company with a great culture that values curiosity as much as performance, a fantastic work environment (which you can contribute to!), health insurance, a competitive salary, and meaningful equity in the company. We’re located in the heart of town, Clarke quay! We’re surrounded by restaurants that challenge your taste buds every day, and…We’re a stone’s throw away from the best bars in town.If you want to change the world and help bring doctors and medical care for the average person into the 21st century come talk with us.
Social Care Alba is the highest graded Care at Home Company in the country.  We hold awards in Investors in People, Healthy Working Lives and Positive about Disability.  We are proud of our unique team of professionals who deliver outstanding individual support.Our team bring so much to our business; it's only fair we bring the same energy and dedication to developing their careers in return. It's all part of our commitment to quality in everything we do. We are proud to lead the field in professional Care at Home provision. Whether you're a Personal Assistant, a Social Worker, Nurse or one of the many other roles we have on offer, we'll support your growth at every stage of your career
Making Quality Metrics ActionableWe are revolutionizing the way nurses, physicians and front line staff improve the quality of care. By eliminating silos along the care continuum, Dabo Health helps increase collaboration, strengthen performance and save lives.Dabo Health is an information platform that simplifies data into an intuitive and interactive design, and facilitates collaboration between all members of the care team.We are looking for enthusiastic and creative entrepreneurs who want to make the world a better place, love team collaboration in a “lean” environment, and enjoy a good quality of life.
Olabord is an experience centric, location based, mobile app. It's a mobile meeting point for people sharing the same real world experience! We are a startup based in Greece.
#URL_50cc89ecbf2d4ceda36598af3573463d57b5ad2c45a628f06cf5c12851136fdb# is the crowdfunding platform to finance creativity &amp; entrepreneurs. We want to contribute to create a new generation of entrepreneurs and angels by providing a platform that connects inspiring projects with a new class of angels that can change the way great ideas get realized.
The Boston Consulting Group (#URL_45423e1e16703aa4d8ee444d3ad69bb51525f1dad0b3115713cf80dc496299e2#) has launched a new digital business, BCG Digital Ventures (#URL_4968ff917b2cf554a3e92b004e0c92d03e4c10730070a0df7e84f0d3db806e53#) - a digital innovation, product development, and commercialization firm.  This first-of-its-kind firm will bring unique capabilities to create and grow disruptive digital products and platforms.  BCG Digital Ventures goes beyond providing consulting, design, and technology services to form strategic venture teams with its clients in order to rapidly develop, launch and grow transformational digital products, platforms and businesses.The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world's leading advisor on business strategy.  BCG partners with clients from the private, public and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises.BCG was founded in 1963 and is a privately owned firm with more than 7,000 employees across 81 offices in 45 countries.  Integrity, respect for the individual, delivering value, and making an impact on society are just some of BCG's core values. BCG's commitment to both their clients' success and their own standards is what sets BCG apart as a world-class professional services organization.
Babbel enables anyone to learn languages in an easy and interactive way. The learning system offers 13 languages, from English to Indonesian. Users with and without previous knowledge can access grammar and thematic courses as well as vocabulary, writing and listening comprehension exercises online and on the go. In addition to the full courses for web, iOS and Android, there are also vocabulary trainer apps for Windows 8 and the Kindle Fire.Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin. The company was founded in August 2007 and now has approximately 250 employees and freelancers and is opening an office in New York City (Lower East Side).
PERE is published by PEI Media (#URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#), an entrepreneurial news and information group with offices in London, Hong Kong and New York. People who thrive at PEI are smart, ambitious and committed. They understand the value of teamwork yet desire to make a personal impact and will be passionate and energetic about what they do. We can provide an exciting career opportunity where personal growth and advancement is aligned to the rapid development of an award-winning company. Learn more by visiting #URL_4cffe430b8da4c0d7e6074d11e638d28a1e165c8782b891e111fc17606c3d961#.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Kappa Search, Inc. is one of the leading sourcing and placement firms in the nation. Located in downtown Chicago, KSI focuses on nationwide placements within all sectors of technical companies. Our focus on strong backgrounds with a technical focus has helped us service our clients for over twenty years.Specialties include:· Mechanical Engineering · Electrical Engineering · Project Management · Product Management · Manufacturing Engineering · Technical Sales Engineering · Quality Control Engineering · Engineering Management · Quality Control Management Applications Engineering · Operations Personnel · Supply Chain Personnel (Buyers, Material Mgrs, Planners, etc..)
Founded in 1974 in Canada, and in 1985 in the U.S. as a specialty engineering and contracting company, Landmark works throughout North America, with principal offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Toronto, and Chicago.  We are committed to growth through leveraging our core competencies in planning, engineering and construction excellence, cooperative project execution, and client service with expansion into new markets involving water, energy, and the environment.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Who are We?Aya Healthcare is a top healthcare staffing organization because of our passionate, creative and talented employees. We have fun while we work and achieve results. We have grown 77% per year for the last 3 years and we are looking for more phenomenal talent to join our team of A-players. What Sets Us Apart?We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees which makes us one of the best.  We will go the extra mile to make both our clients and employees happy.  We value our employees, recognize, and reward hard work.  You’re not just another number to us, you’re an important part of our team and we want to invest in you. Who are You?You are self-motivated and strive for resultsYou are just as obsessed as we are about creating great experiences for our clientsYou want to be a part of an organization that values your talentYou think outside the box
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
BillGuard is a personal finance security service powered by the collective knowledge of millions of people. The family of data scientists, mathematicians, security experts and industry leaders have come together to protect consumers by facilitating the sharing of that knowledge. Through patent-pending big-data analytics and advanced crowdsourcing techniques, the BillGuard iPhone and Android app is the fastest, smartest way to track spending and save money. As the first “smart inbox” for your money, the app prioritizes the noteworthy charges on your credit and debit cards and scans your card activity for questionable charges.Based in New York and Tel Aviv and backed by some of the world's top investors, BillGuard has been featured prominently in the Wall Street Journal, NY Times and The Economist as well as on ABC and CBS News.
Live It China Limited (#URL_0389a2a7444c0bba5f6d58972ba5ec7c28feca6c25e0ae80063c1298e7f0395e#) is a free and open social media platform for Chinese language learners that enables our users to share their learning experiences. We empower Chinese language learners and help them to make most effective decisions regarding their choice of local language schools, tutors, and exchange partners. We guide our users though the whole learning process from start to #URL_832b5fbc753cddd038d6675adc3766b62a65fe123456df70da0a2c495439e13c# company has been growing fast and we are looking for talents from various backgrounds to share our passion. If you are interested in the challenges of working with multicultural teams, in a fast growing company and industry, please let us know who you are
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Argenta Field Solutions values the client, creates income streams for them through our sales mechanism and focuses on quality &amp; numbers rather than numbers alone. While this is paramount to our foundation, the foundation itself is our people. Environment, Training and Compensation are the tripod that support our workforce. The same way we believe in quality of sales, we believe even more in quality of our people's environment, training and compensation.To setup an interview, call our recruiting department Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm @ (361) 400-2907
Cogo Labs is the technology-driven incubator of some of the Boston area's fastest-growing web companies. Our proprietary technologies for algorithmic marketing, data mining and quantitative business analytics enable us to guide start-ups from inception to profitability and beyond. 
Visual BI is one of the leading and fastest growing firms focusing exclusively on BI &amp; Analytics. Our offerings cover end-to-end BI services, industry and domain-specific solutions, custom visualization controls (SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio) and cloud-based analytics.Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Visual BI has won recognition from customers for driving high-touch engagements driven by our team of platinum-level experts, an agile delivery model and innovative solutions.Highlights:* Ranked by CIOReview as one of the Top 100 Big Data Companies in the US* Dedicated Visual BI Labs facility in San Antonio, TX, to support R&amp;D and innovations* Partnerships with established vendors such as SAP, TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and MongoDB* A culture that encourages to look forward and think aheadMission: Our Goal is to become one of the leading firms worldwide in terms of brand recall &amp; excellence in the field of Business Intelligence &amp; Analytics by driving BI adoption with our innovative analytical solutions and applications.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Passion for God.Passion for the Philippines.Passion for the Filipino Poor.  About the Covenant Community Service Cooperative COVENANT COMMUNITY SERVICE COOPERATIVE is a registered service cooperative and a member organization of the Center for Community Transformation (CCT) Group of Ministries. CCT is an organized Christian response against poverty and social injustice. This is carried out through the fusion of social development initiatives and evangelical mission in a uniquely Filipino context. It serves urban and rural communities throughout the Philippines, in pursuit of its desire to see changed lives, strong families, and transformed communities centered on the Lordship of Jesus Christ.The Covenant Community Service Cooperative (CCSC) was duly registered with the Cooperative Development Authority in 2010. It is also an accredited sub-contractor under Department of Labor &amp; Employment Department Order 18-A, series of 2012. It is an active member of Philhealth, SSS, HDMF, and a tax exempt cooperative under BIR RDA No. 6 Ruling No. 15-10 issued on August 09, 2010.Since clients are treated as customers rather than employers, CCSC member-workers focuses on service values such as productivity, quality and efficiency. Our member-workers being part of the CCT family espouse core values such as intimacy with God, passion for God, passion for the Philippines, and passion for the poor, character and competence.        CCSC is a Member of the CCT Group of MinistriesAddress: 5F Joshua Center, 1428 Taft Avenue, Ermita, 1000 Manila, Philippines   Telephone: (632) 524.1819 / 524-1810 / 524.1835       Fax: (632) 400.6909 / 524.1809 local 11   E-mail: #EMAIL_b6f20aa5aefcbccb0820db00d0bbe1007bb1d60d0fae56304182075b227c5781#    Website: #URL_a2b78a15afa82d6677595c1c0be935271c73013f638cd022b8a7e6b3682c339b# 
SHC/The Arc of Medina County is a great place to start or continue your career. Whether you’re interested in direct care, administrative, teaching computer skills or many other types of work, there is likely a career for you at SHC/The Arc.As a nonprofit organization serving people with disabilities, SHC/The Arc’s more than 200 employees serve people in Medina and Ashland Counties in Ohio. You’ll be joining a team committed to providing the highest quality programs with an emphasis on the health, safety, and respect of those we serve.If you are looking for a career in which you can make a difference in people’s lives, then join our talented, motivated, hard-working staff and share their passion for serving others.
With over 30 years of experience in the industry, Mercer Foods has been providing superior quality freeze dried foods and ingredients to clients around the world for two generations. Our dedication to stringent quality control and complete customer satisfaction are the core of our company tradition, allowing us to provide our clients with the best freeze dried foods on the planet.Here at Mercer Foods, you will find ultra-modern facilities, uncompromising quality assurance programs, complete compliance with freeze dried food standards, and innovative technologies that include everything from sustainable energy practices to automated sanitation and allergen removal.Mercer Foods proudly provides a comprehensive list of products and services for our clients around the world. From total menu and ingredient control to fully customized retail packaging services to a global shipping network that delivers your freeze dried foods reliably and consistently, Mercer Foods spares no expense in ensuring your complete satisfaction.In addition, Mercer Foods employs an integrated research and development team that can help you map out a production and delivery schedule tailored to your specific needs. From organic freeze dried fruits and vegetables to specially prepared and packaged bulk freeze dried foods and ingredients, Mercer utilizes innovative technologies and techniques to ensure prompt and accurate delivery of your product.Quality, sustainability, and service have been the hallmarks of Mercer Foods since our inception, and our ongoing commitment to perfecting our freeze drying process has solidified our reputation as a leader in the freeze dried foods industry.Mercer Foods is an equal opportunity employer. We take pride in the diversity of our staff, and seek diversity in our applicants.
Crossroads Treatment Centers is a nationally-accredited, medication-assisted, out-patient program that delivers fast, effective and affordable treatment for persons suffering from addiction to opiates.  We provide effective and affordable outpatient treatment for opiate dependence. Our team of experienced doctors, nurses and therapists are passionate about treating opiate addiction. We provide medication along with counseling to help our patients recover. Our emphasis on counseling combined with medication helps drive our impressive success rate.
#URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# lets people create interactive mobile app prototypes that can be viewed and tested on the actual mobile device.#URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# has changed the world of mobile prototyping, going beyond wireframes and mockups. With interactions, transitions and animations it helps bring any static design to life. UX and interaction designers can express their creative freedom and create visual interactive prototypes of mobile apps that work and feel exactly like the final apps. Supporting all mobile touch gestures, prototypes can run on the actual mobile device thus making the experience as realistic as possible.  #URL_87bda63e01dbf9c94ca7430d4cbda39cd7c6a388635536d5c0ba4b40533880cf# has already attracted more than 50,000 users from the world’s hottest startups and Fortune 500 brands including eBay, Amazon, Disney, Symantec, Philips, Evernote, Spotify, BBC, Sky, Vodafone, Yelp, Mixi and more.
Kettle is an independent digital agency based in New York City and the Bay Area. We’re committed to making digital do more — for both people and brands — because we believe the digital world offers more than meets the eye. Every online experience has the potential to change a life, a brand, or even change the world. And we carry this philosophy into each and every product we build.
Carlyle Financial is a mortgage bank based in Beverly Hills, CA offering a full range of home loan products. We concentrate on providing a high level of personal service with an emphasis on developing long-term relationships with our clients rather than treating them simply as a single transaction. As a mortgage bank and direct lender, we control all aspects of the home loan process, from origination to funding. This means that we operate more efficiently and have less paperwork than our competitors, and close most home loans in fewer than 30 days, which translates to superior service and pricing for our clients.We are a fast-paced, tech-focused company. We are looking for intelligent individuals with a strong work ethic as we are rapidly expanding into new regional markets.
Squiz is one of the world's leading web solutions companies. We design, build and manage engaging websites and online applications using our Web Experience Management Suite, the Squiz Suite. Our clients include many household names and range from large global organisations to Government bodies and charities. We have an international network of offices in Australia, the UK, USA, New Zealand and Poland, and employ over 250 permanent members of staff.As a team, we are talented, motivated and enthusiastic. We live and breathe the web and our passion is finding new and innovative solutions using Squiz products alongside the latest web technologies. Our staff give 100% and are offered a high level of autonomy, responsibility and opportunity in return.
Software Competitiveness International (SOFTCOM INTERNATIONAL) is characterized for personel excellence.  In caseyou are a software engineer with a passion for software,you like to take on new challenges,you like to produce and discuss good, creative ideas,you like to cooperate with others within a multi-national team,you are flexible enough to work in a fast paced environment,you are customer focused, andyou would like to be part of a very dynamically working companyplease do apply for a respective job vacancy
Providing luxurious menswear such as suits, shirts, neckwear and accessories for the tailored gentleman. 
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
We run #URL_34e817f2a402b90fa03423a629596c1d7d48cd15c859b303842003275d56829c#, a SaaS form management solution that helps businesses and professionals create online forms, and collect data without the need for technical skills, or IT.We're bootstrapped, profitable, growing rapidly, and hiring employee #10 and beyond!We embrace remote work. Our team is spread across 3 different countries. You're welcome of course to move to Bloomington, Indiana, where the majority of the team is located. It's been named one of the best cities for doing business and perhaps more importantly, is the #7 in the US for best places to bike!We run a lean operation with an impressive roster of customers, so your work will not go unnoticed. Everything you'll work on will make our customers happier and give us a better competitive edge.As so many customers depend on our service, and as our team grows, we also value process-oriented people who can help us make our product even more reliable and easier to maintain.
Frustrated with the status quo?Like to re-imagine whats possible?Want to build awesome products?Then do something about it!Teknique is moving into a new phase of company growth - and we're looking for top notch people who want to be involved in something awesome!What we doWe are a visionary business specializing in the design and development of miniaturized wireless video camera systems used in Action Sports, Driver Safety, and Security. Our award winning products are licensed to brand name clients worldwide.  Learn about us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook and keep up with latest video news and innovation.Our vision is the future, and at Teknique we create it - with sustainable, continually evolving, world-class products. Innovation, insight and ideas are critical to our success; Applicant’s will possess these attributes and have a strong desire to create what “the world hasn't seen yet”.Our workplaceWe offer a creative team working environment in a modern office in Auckland, New Zealand, with bush views, free snacks and coffee machine, latest Macbook Pro's, office 3D printer, not to mention lots of miniature video cameras that you can play with, whether you're into snowboarding, motor racing, dirt bikes, or just want to strap a camera  to your cat and find out where he goes every day.
United Cerebral Palsy of Oregon &amp; SW Washington (UCP) supports adults with all kinds of developmental disabilities (not just cerebral palsy), so that they can live the life of their dreams.We're growing, so you will see lots of exciting job openings in the next few months!WHY WORK FOR UCP?As an employee of UCP, you'll be proud of the work you do, every day! Our employees assist the people we support to live independently in their own homes and apartments, find and keep their dream jobs, make community connections, serve as their own advocates, and make their own choices. You'll get the chance to work for one of the 100 Best Non-Profit Employers in Oregon. We're fun and flexible, and there's plenty of room for advancement and growth.
Started as a business development and consulting firm, Create More has grown into San Francisco’s Premier Apple Specialist. After 13 years in business and approaching 11 years at the same SOMA/South Beach location, Create More continues to grow and find ways to work with you to enhance your Macintosh experience. A real store that you can walk in to and browse products, no appointment repair service and a training center are just some of ways we make your decision to work with Create More an easy one.At Create More, we want to be more than the Apple computer dealer where you buy your new Macintosh, iPads, iPods, peripherals and accessories. We want to be your source for support and information too. When you refer to your friend who knows about computers, we want that to be us!Our staff is eager to answer your questions and work with you and provide you with the products and solutions you need. Pre and post sale support is equally important to us.  We want you to get the right computer and then make sure that it does what you need and you are comfortable using it!The relaxed boutique environment of our store is just the start of how we want you to enjoy your Mac experience.How do you go from business development to selling Macs? We’re glad you asked!In 1997, the seeds of Create More were planted. Looking for better ways to grow a business. What are the most effective marketing solutions? How should a business position itself? How to communicate these finding to clients?These were but a few questions that were the foundation of Create More. Through workshops, research, and partnerships, a solid base was built. Officially formed in 1999, Create More worked with clients to grow their businesses. In the process of learning about our clients, we also learned a lot about ourselves, but we’ll get to that shortlyIn working with our clients on their businesses, we found certain obstacles. To grow, focus needed to be kept on processes and not infrastructure. That’s just a fancy way of saying, you can’t win the race if you can find the keys to start your car.It became clear to us, that if we could simplify the day to day, our clients could then focus on the task at hand, building and growing their businesses. The more time we spent on simplifying the process of doing business, the more we realized technology was the biggest hurdle. The more we made recommendations on technology, the more we realized we needed to be the source of the technology we recommended and implemented.It wasn’t long before we realized our true calling. We took a hard look at what we were doing and what was most effective for our clients. Creating, managing, and implementing technology solutions would be far more valuable to our clients.We still continue to evolve and grow, and we always have our clients’ best interest in mind. Whether it’s a home user or a company with hundreds of users, we want to make sure the use of their Macs is productive, effective, and as easy as possible.With all of the web sites and big box stores, we’re happy to be a small, independently owned business with the one main goal in mind – you and your Mac.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Delivering superior customer services for over 10 years, IBEX Global is a business process outsourcer offering an integrated suite of services that supports an expansive array of customer facing solutions.Headquartered in Washington, DC. IBEX Global delivers onshore, near shore and offshore solutions in 5 countries, across 18 call centers employing over 9000+ customer service professionals.  The recipient of several client and community awards such as the Goodwill Industries Employer of the Year, IBEX Global is one of the most forward thinking companies in the BPO industry.
GPL Technologies is a solutions provider focused on the design, implementation, and support of high-performance information technology systems.  Founded in Los Angeles, California in 2003, we draw on over a decade of expertise as trusted technology advisers, adding value for our customers by offering unique methods of improving IT efficiency, streamlining complex systems and environments, and reducing the costs associated with acquiring and maintaining IT systems. GPL cut its teeth serving the intense requirements of customers in the media and entertainment industry.  We bring that work ethic with us to every customer: time is money, deadlines are non-negotiable, and the show must go on.  Our company is comprised of creative, independent thinkers with a passion for technology.  We love big data, fast networks, and solving the problems posed by today's digital media production pipelines.If serving clients who think a quarter petabyte of storage is a starter system sounds like fun to you, or if you love dealing with the dynamic people and personalities in the fast-paced media and entertainment industry, we might be a great fit for each other.  Send us your resume and lets talk.
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
Solar electricity is the way of the future!  We are focused on bringing solar to homeowners in a simple solution with no up-front cost to the customer.  We are looking for talented and driven people to join our team and take their careers to the next level while growing our business into a national leader in solar energy development.  Our culture is a fast paced, high growth, work hard, play hard environment that encourages collaboration.
Runscope is building tools for developers working on API-driven mobile and web applications. We have a clear vision for the future of service-powered companies and the tools that will be required to build the next generation of applications. We're an experienced team backed by top-tier investors looking for people who share our passion for building great tools and want to help shape not just our products, but the company as well.Proven Work/Life BalanceA lot of companies talk about work/life balance, but we've to the data to prove how important to us it is. We've posted a breakdown of over 10,000 commits over the first year of the company showing when we work. See the stats.
NFP is a leader in the delivery of benefits solutions for companies of all sizes and in the delivery of life insurance and wealth management solutions for high net worth individuals. Our leading, independent broker/dealer offers a wide range of choices from some of the nation’s top investment companies. NFP operates and reports in three segments that provide diverse products and services to corporate and high net worth individual clients: the Corporate Client Group, the Individual Client Group and the Advisor Services Group.*Our advisors partner with clients to help provide them with comprehensive solutions, backed by NFP’s open architecture approach, national scale and resources. NFP is focused on optimizing cross-selling opportunities and building recurring revenue, and diversification, ensuring the company is well-positioned for long-term growth.*NFP Advisor Services Group is a business segment of National Financial Partners Corp. (NFP) that includes NFP subsidiaries NFP Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, and NFP IndeSuite, Inc.
Supply chain management company with emphasis placed in Rehabilitation Therapy, Health IT, and Information Security
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
ding* is the world’s largest top-up provider. Created to help people working abroad to support and keep in touch with loved ones back home, ding* provides the simplest, quickest and best top-up service ever. By keeping mobiles topped up, ding* is making a real difference to people’s lives.We’ve our head office in Dublin and also have homes in Miami, Dubai, Bucharest, Barcelona, Dhaka and San Salvador. What’s it like working here?ding* is currently providing 200 people the opportunity to top-up their careers every day. If you’re looking for a regular 9-5 role then this isn’t the place for you. If you want lots of challenges, a long to do list and plenty of opportunities then we’re your kind of place. Like our service, we’re all super fast and super reliable. We’re informal but productive. You’ll be expected to get through high volumes of work and to keep coming back looking for more. In return we throw great parties and like to mark record days or other occasions with impromptu surprises.  Working at ding* gives you the opportunity to work with, and learn from, genuinely passionate and driven people. Like our customers, our team members have joined us from all around the world. We come from different cultures, speak different languages yet we all share one thing in common; we care about sending top-up instantly and reliably.If you’re lucky enough to join the team, you’ll get to work in a great office environment without a gimmicky music room or sleep area but with truly spectacular coffee. And the best bit……we don’t hire schmucks, only team players with a sense of fun.
Itsa Southern Thing Apparel owns several clothing brands: Eat More Tees, Itsa Girl Thing, and Fripp &amp; Folly.  We strive to provide excellent service and quality to our wholesale customers while reaching out to our end user through online media.  All of our brands build from t-hirts first.  Because our company began as a custom screenprinting enterprise, we will always print our own t-shirts to control the quality and availability of our shirts.We love where our brands have been able to take us.  We hope you visit our website or any of our retail partners and find something that helps define you.  #URL_7190b3b80bd2332aa57046df34c6443e9e8c7afa14d9a03b927fabb3e18e7432#-girl-#URL_da1fcc952a602fe360bce433310e06afc227c889039d656770d684b010d99751#    #URL_8615272cf9fe9b8aa613d176988c9a055d24d06325087d9af2c27c94fdf9c3cc#   #URL_3d944d2625879d4238c81f31e9555704be9e677528a93d6a4cb2b28800358f0b#   
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Trading Economics provides its users with accurate information for 232 countries including historical data for more than 300.000 economic indicators, exchange rates, stock market indexes, government bond yields and commodity prices. Our data is based on official sources, not third party data providers, and our facts are regularly checked for inconsistencies. #URL_1dbb8734f78d96f86ab713f368d10e98086f2ea1c7f3e73eda4447581aa6bc72# has received more than 66 million page views from more than 200 countries.
Our CompanyAdcash® is an international advertising network that delivers billions of ad units each month reaching several millions of people around the globe. With a strong focus on the entertainment vertical, the network’s portfolio currently comprises over 90 000 websites that benefit from the company’s successful partnerships with a number of leading brands. The strength of the Adcash® platform lays in its cutting edge ad delivery technology and advanced internal tools.50 billion advertisements served in 2013Work in one of the top 100 biggest website in the worldEnjoy building great software used by a team of 50 personsImprove your skills by working on an interesting projectThe company’s headquarter is located in Tallinn (Estonia) with other branches in Queretaro (Mexico), Sofia (Bulgaria) and Paris (France).Our teamComing from very diverse cultural and geographical backgrounds, our team reflects perfectly the company’s image and global outlook.With a total of 9 nationalities represented, our 55+ team members bring not only an invaluable level of experience to the table, but also a diversity of thought instrumental in shaping the network’s identity.And so we can help you in: Bulgarian, Deutsch, English, Estonian, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish and Turkish!From hardcore techies to online advertising veterans and everything in between, our staff is comprised of committed professionals, who come from all corners of the industry, having worked with organizations such as Vodafone, Skype, Google, EA, Orange, Telcel and many others.
MaxPlay™ is a cross-platform digital publishing company focused on revolutionizing the games as a service market. You probably haven’t heard of us yet, but that’s about to change. Recently spun out of Technicolor Ventures, we’re busy building a world-class set of tools and technologies that enables game developers to reach larger audiences and provide the best gaming experience to their consumers. MaxPlay has a great team of veteran game publishers, engineers, and consumer product folks but we also need you to reach the next level.It’s not easy disrupting the game publishing business. Each day we’re tasked with building a broad range of products and services, and we’re looking for talented people in Austin, Los Angeles, and San Francisco that are excited to meet those challenges. Even if you're not a gamer, but love technology and creating new tools and platforms, we want to hear from you.
SpotSource Solutions LLC is a Global Human Capital Management Consulting firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. Founded in January 2012, SpotSource has created a fusion of innovative service offerings to meet the increasing demand of today’s economy. We specialize in Talent Acquisition, Staffing, and Executive Search Services across various functions and in specific industries. Global Talent Transfusion (GTT) services utilize best in practice qualification standards to deliver talent in temporary, temporary-to-hire, and permanent basis. Health Career Transition (HCT) is a subsidiary of Global Talent Transfusion and offers placement services specifically in the growing Healthcare arena. SpotSource Executive Search (SES) Consultants are special breed talent evangelists that understand how to advise and streamline the human resources process in the direction your organization requires for long term sustainability and success. Succession Planning. Leadership Development Programs. Compensation Analysis. Recruitment Process Outsourcing. All customized to best suit the needs of your business. We understand the demand for cost-effective solutions for your organization. Are you seeking a potential career transition and interested in discussing the current hiring trends and open positions? Vital Career Consulting (VCC) offers career transitional services catered specifically for the job applicant, including Resume Construction, Social Media Optimization, and Interview Coaching.Address:4100 N Powerline Rd. Ste Z3Pompano Beach FL 33073Office: #PHONE_c90b6ca89acd18d9e31ea3590b4ad76605721bc372025598fe9e1e60cf428551#
Sawyer Studios is a full service marketing and advertising agency providing media, digital and creative services to the entertainment industry. With clients including HBO, IFC, Magnolia Pictures, Vimeo, PBS, A&amp;E Studios, Samuel Goldwyn, Tribeca Film, Gravitas and Amplify, we offer highly data-oriented media planning and execution across online/tablet/mobile/set-top as well as broadcast, print, traditional digital, non-traditional and social. Fully integrated into our media operations we create and produce advertising assets from digital and print key art creative to spots, video and websites. We are experts in using the most sophisticated digital strategies and tools, including an in-house media trading desk, to promote the most progressive approaches to entertainment releasing from theatrical and day-and-date releasing to video on demand.
For over 20 years NAC Marketing Company, LLC d/b/a New Vitality has helped people be healthy and live better by marketing and selling vitamins, health supplements, and personal care products. Our customers learn about our products through direct marketing advertisements which use celebrities, athletes and doctors to promote on radio and television stations across North America.We offer a wide variety of career and entry-level positions as well as internships in a fast-paced and exciting industry. Our 100+ employees hold positions in Marketing, Creative, eCommerce, Media-Buying, Product Development, Accounting, Human Resources, Operations and Inbound &amp; Outbound Sales in both our New York and California offices. WORK HEALTHYWe believe in the philosophy ‘be healthy, live better’  for our customers and especially for our employees. We encourage healthier lifestyles through affordable benefits, gym reimbursement programs (through medical insurance) and company events that promote physical activity and company morale.Affordable Medical, Dental &amp; Vision InsuranceFlexible Spending Account &amp; Dependent CareCompany-paid Life Insurance &amp; Long-Term DisabilityEmployee Discounts on New Vitality products WORK BETTERWe believe growth and development are necessary parts of a rewarding work experience so we offer opportunities to gain industry knowledge, discover and utilize new skills and advance within the company. We also keep it fun with annual events like our Holiday Party, Thanksgiving Feast &amp; Dessert Contest and team participation in Long Island's Marcum Workplace Challenge at Jones Beach.Paid Training for Call Center EmployeesLunch &amp; Learn SeminarsSafety CommitteeCommunity Involvement (Toys for Tots, Island Harvest)Paid Time OffRoom for Advancement See below for our current opportunities. Follow the link to apply and if you are a qualified candidate, a member of our Human Resources department will reach out to you. NAC Marketing Company, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
ABC Supply Co., Inc. is the nation’s largest wholesale distributor of roofing and one of the largest distributors of siding, windows, and other exterior building products. Since our start in 1982, we've grown to become a national organization with over 450 locations in 45 states. Our mission is to be the biggest, best, and easiest service company distributing exterior building products. We fulfill that mission by stocking the brands and products contractors need at competitive prices, operating a state-of-the-art delivery system, and actively listening to our customers. We know that we will only be successful when our customers are successful. That’s why we make good on our promises every day.
About Rocket InternetRocket is the world’s largest Internet platform outside of China and the United States. We identify and build proven Internet business models and transfer them to new, underserved or untapped markets where we seek to scale them into market leading online companies. We are focused on online business models that satisfy basic consumer needs across three sectors: e-commerce, marketplaces and financial technology. Our company was founded in 2007 and now has more than 20,000 employees across its network of companies, which operate in more than 100 countries on five continents. 
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Providing luxurious menswear such as suits, shirts, neckwear and accessories for the tailored gentleman. 
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The company was founded in 1980 as ‘Panther electronics’ and since 1990 operates under the name Semitron. In 1996 Semitron relocated to new headquarters in the industrial area of Sindos near Thessaloniki. Focused on small and medium series in development and production of taximeters and printers, Semitron managed to create gradually more complex and smart electronic systems. The company invests in the human resources and is staffed by expert scientists and professors of higher educational institutions specializing in the field of Research and Development. With modern production and testing equipments, we offer to our customers the highest standard of quality and service. Our long experience is the basis for a reliable and efficient collaboration with our partners and customers.
Founded in 2010 by a team from Google’s London and New York offices, Qubit work with some of the biggest names in Online. Our engineers have built a brand new platform that combines a number of technologies – analytics, automation, personalisation and more – into a simple, easy-to-use product.We’re not the only ones excited about our brand new approach to solving the problems of modern e-Commerce. Wired magazine named Qubit as one of the top 5 hottest startups in London. We’ve raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from one of the UK’s biggest venture capitalists! Come and join the growing team as we embark on the most exciting chapter in Qubit’s history.Although we’ve now grown to more than 90 people, we’re keen on keeping our culture as relaxed and open as when there were only 5 of us. Our offices have table football, kitchen full of fruit and other snacks, never ending coffee supply, dinner service and lots of other startup perks. More importantly we’re a focused and determined team preparing to double in size during 2014!
Novitex Enterprise Solutions, formerly Pitney Bowes Management Services, delivers innovative document and communications management solutions that help companies around the world drive business process efficiencies, increase productivity, reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. For almost 30 years, clients have turned to us to integrate and optimize their enterprise-wide business processes to empower employees, increase productivity and maximize results. As a trusted partner, we continually focus on delivering secure, technology-enabled document and communications solutions that improve our clients' work processes, enhance their customer interactions and drive growth.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Primesoft Inc is a fast growing IT consulting, services and outsourcing firm. We Provide IT consulting services to support clients in solving their business problems and increasing their operational efficiency by integrating and leveraging existing and new systems. We combine our in-depth domain knowledge with expertise in cutting edge information technology to deliver high-impact solutions that add value to the bottom-line of our clients. We also have strong domain expertise in Healthcare, Insurance and Financial verticals.
Axonix is a global mobile advertising technology company that's powered by a platform with a 4 year history of leading the market. Using technology acquired from Mobclix, the world’s first RTB-enabled mobile ad exchange, Axonix offers a fully transparent programmatic trading platform that enables publishers to sell their mobile advertising inventory in real-time to brands, agencies and ad networks globally.We serve billions of ads per month across more than 150+ countries, working with our 100+ demand partners globally to achieve industry-leading CPMs, CTRs and fill rates. With built-in fraud detection controls and data-driven targeting options, we help advertisers to secure the optimal ad inventory that will deliver the best campaign results for them.Axonix is headquartered in central London and backed by Telefonica and private equity group, Blackstone.OUR PHILOSOPHY TO HIRINGOur technology serves billions of mobile ads every month, across more than 150 countries. Our company is truly global in scale. We're growing so fast we need to hire the best people out there.People who thrive on fresh challenges. People who want to see their work make an impact, right away. People who demand a lot from themselves and others. We hire someone when we’re sure “There’s no better person for this job, and no better person we’d rather work with.”We know people are our most important asset. If you're exceptional at what you do, we want to hear from you. The next stage in your career could start today.
#URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163# is a cloud infrastructure services provider and is the maker of IronMQ, an industrial-strength message queue, and IronWorker, a highly scalable task processing/worker platform. #URL_73cd1d86897d9c7b653551bab4d3554986c583bd9228d2ca840002eaa46e3163#'s products are designed for building distributed cloud applications quickly and operating at scale. They are available on public clouds and can be deployed in private clouds and on-premises. - See more at: #URL_b8c3f2576b28056d29d512160f0ec01d7cd4c52a83b92b082ebf038447ef3adf###URL_488e10ae5474562a86abe0250c2001127ac41ebc0aa5d31e94298f51ea020d05#
Industrial Color Software is a division of Industrial Color Brands, a family of vertically integrated creative production companies. Founded in 1991 from a culture of innovation, excellence and attention to industry trends and client needs, the brands operate independently and together to provide high-level holistic solutions for photography, advertising, retail, media, and production industries. Industrial Color Brands include GlobalEdit, Impact Digital, Fast Ashley’s Studios, Industrial Color Software, and the M Project Gallery.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
Bandsintown is a digital media company powered by music. With over 14 million registered concert-goers, a global audience of 120 million music fans and over 250K touring artists connected to the Bandsintown community, we are the premiere destination where artists and fans connect. To learn what we do for fans, click here. For artists, click here. For promoters, click here, And for brands, click here. We’ve got big plans and are rapidly expanding. And we’re always looking to add more talented people to our band… errr… team. Many of us are artists, performers, producers or DJ’s so it’s not just a job for us – it’s a way of life. We build the products we ourselves would want to use. We learn from each other, and inspire each other to do our best work, fueled by our passion for music. It’s in our DNA.
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
Founded in 2000, Axxess Industries is an innovative electronics, software and signage workshop changing how people and technology interact in both hotels and homes. Our products can be seen in automated homes and hotels around the world.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Upstream’s mission is to revolutionise the way companies market to consumers through cutting edge technology. This is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded people in an environment that embraces individual differences and diversity.We offer a challenging and stimulating environment in which employees have the opportunity to work on a vast range of complex projects at the forefront of technical innovation. We are looking for creative, enthusiastic and open-minded individuals to join our innovative team to help both drive our success and uphold our existing reputation within the marketing technology world.What we believeOur values of integrity, perseverance, innovation and respect are at the heart of our company. Our actions are underpinned by these four values, which have become central to Upstream, providing all of our employees with a clear framework from which to make their decisions.1. Integrity &amp; TrustYou are widely trusted and seen as a direct and truthful individual. You present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeping confidences and admitting mistakes without misrepresenting themselves for personal gain.2. PerseveranceYou pursue work and life with energy, drive and a need to finish; you seldom give up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.3. InnovationYou have good judgement about which creative ideas and suggestions will work and a sense about managing the creative process of others. You have the ability to facilitate effective brainstorming and project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.4. RespectYou invest time in peers and demonstrates value and reverence for others when due, encouraging co-workers to express opinions and ideas. You promote equality within the workplace, encouraging praise and recognition from employee to employee as well as from the superiors. Professional Development at UpstreamUpstream offers a variety of resources and a range of opportunities to inspire the best possible performance from our employees. Our vast range of departments and global activities provide a strong platform for career development and professional progression. We boast various methods of progression within the company; whether through an upward advancement within a chosen field, expansion across departments or relocation to another office, creating the opportunity to gain both valuable experience and further insight into the international workings of the business. At Upstream, employees have the opportunity to learn new skills, work across different disciplines and global departments and move into new challenges, all within the same company.
twago is a successful, international active IT-Start-Up on its way to become an established online company. We change the world of team work by connecting service providers and business companies from all over the world in order to successfully manage various projects.  
Frontline Solutions is a national consulting firm that offers clients in the nonprofit and public sectors a full range of services to enhance impact. The firm’s expertise includes strategy, program management and assessment. Frontline Solutions works to expand opportunity for all by applying a critical understanding of race, place, class and gender.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
Fundation is a technology-empowered direct lender that delivers small balance commercial loans nationwide. The firm provides fixed rate loans up to $500,000 using its own capital. Fundation fills a void in the small balance commercial loan market by offering loans to businesses that banks are unwilling or unable to lend to, and those that desire a simplified process, with capital on terms that will enable them to grow.
Massive Media is the social media company behind the successful digital brands #URL_18234f381f5e7b9a9ffdc727cd05c9046edffb45bce85533c8f9b6d0216e925e# and #URL_af2b2f34d003dd6238fb60ec002a2f9df551ec9f8c6df8c980fc4fd8d24cc707#. In November 2013 Massive Media bought and relaunched the social discovery platform Stepout. We enable members to meet nearby people instantly. Over 100 million people have joined our sites on web and mobile.
SampraSoft is a fast growing IT solutions company headquartered in Atlanta, GA, USA, specialized in IT consulting, Staffing, custom software development and mobile application development.
Propoint provides custom, visual solutions that help our corporate clients engage their audience, win big, and set them apart from competitors. With more than a decade of success, over 10,000 projects, and thousands of clients of all sizes – from Fortune 500 companies to startups, our team has the extraordinary talent and deep expertise needed to create inspired and compelling solutions.We build world-class, custom presentation designs in a variety of formats including slide shows (PowerPoint, Prezi, Google Slides, Keynote), infographics, motion graphic videos, and mobile experiences (apps and epub). See the entire suite of our creative services at #URL_ff43622388e9246567b9f290115e41ec6fc9596479d0158afce1919bf76583db#
Applied Memetics LLC is a professional services company dedicated to integrating and delivering best practice communication and information solutions in pre-conflict, conflict, or post-conflict areas.  The world has changed: ‘always on’ brands require a new way of thinking to engage and manage their consumers. Our purpose is to inspire original thinking through a deeper understanding of technology and human behaviour.  From strategy through to implementation, our teams of connected specialists – all experts in their respective fields – work together to help our clients maximise the opportunities created by the changing digital world and create a multi faceted digital strategy through to implementation.Our work explores a new model of journalism that is based around a global story – in this case, the struggle for human rights and democracy around the world. Our goal is to build a better user experience of these stories by adding context to content, using the latest digital tools of the day. Over time, we hope to add greater clarity, deeper understanding, and more sustained engagement to the conversations surrounding global events. As such, our content is transcribed and translated into English for broadcast to a global audience.
We are a small team changing the way everyone thinks and deals with tax. It does not have to be a pain, boring and ugly. We aim to delight people that use SimpleTax, and are looking for like-minded go-getters. The more full-stack and independent you are the more at home you'll feel.We aim high and are looking to create a huge business in the UK, Europe and beyond. Our values are: 0) know our users; 1) communicate; 2) don't wait around for permission; 3) sweat the details, that's where the gains are; 4) you are smart, do what you think is right; 5) keep learning.
Social Care Alba is the highest graded Care at Home Company in the country.  We hold awards in Investors in People, Healthy Working Lives and Positive about Disability.  We are proud of our unique team of professionals who deliver outstanding individual support.Our team bring so much to our business; it's only fair we bring the same energy and dedication to developing their careers in return. It's all part of our commitment to quality in everything we do. We are proud to lead the field in professional Care at Home provision. Whether you're a Personal Assistant, a Social Worker, Nurse or one of the many other roles we have on offer, we'll support your growth at every stage of your career
The story of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 isn’t really about the fire. It’s about what happened next: A remarkable moment when the most brilliant engineers, architects and inventors came together to build a new city. Their innovations – born of passion and practical ingenuity – shaped not just Chicago, but the modern world. What started 140 years ago continues to this day.Chicago’s brightest digital designers, engineers and entrepreneurs are shaping new technologies, disrupting old business models, and resetting the boundaries of what’s possible. If that sounds like you, join us.Come to a place where you can share ideas, make mistakes, work hard, build your business and, with a little luck, change the world.Welcome to 1871.From photo-editing apps to interactive healthcare programs, 1871 has a member company that fits your interests and expertise! Whether you’re a designer, a marketing expert, or software developer, we have a startup looking for you. Each company is looking for a way to innovate their industry and is looking to do so in creative and original ways. We are looking to match you with one of our amazing member companies based on the information you provide to us and their current needs. If you believe that you have the skills and vision to help digital startups get their start, 1871 is the right place for you!
This initiative is being led by a very talented, energetic and inspirational group of young Greek leaders called “Global Shapers Athens Hub”, under the umbrella of the World Economic Forum.  In a nutshell, the objective is for the corporate-business community to align with Global Shapers in order to develop and implement an internship program, whereby companies commit to taking on board selected talented graduates for 6-month internships – in order to offer  work experience / skill building and ultimately support the development of young talent to enter the local market.
hello worldtalents23_ drives the change in digital recruitment and develops the best quality filters for the selection of top talents.
Voyageur is one of Ontario's leading transportation companies, serving Southwestern and Central Ontario for over 34 years. Voyageur offers professional passenger transportation solutions in four different business segments: Non-Emergency Medical Transportation (wheelchair and stretcher transfers), School Bussing and Charters, Public Transit (Conventional and Para), and Checker Limousine. We also provide various Training Solutions including Red Cross First Aid and CPR and First Responder training, licence upgrading and various Health and Safety Programs. We continuously focus on safety and driver training. A careful recruitment process, a comprehensive orientation program, regular road evaluations, performance appraisals and defensive driving education programs assist us to maintain the standards of our drivers and the quality of the services they provide. Much of our management team and seasoned drivers have been a part of the Voyageur team for many years.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
"Our mission to our clients is to preserve their independence, enhance their quality of life, promote health &amp; wellbeing and have them consider us a part of their family."
Founded in 2009 by early LinkedIn employees, PeopleLinx gamifies employee engagement for LinkedIn, Twitter and other social networks. Our cloud-based solution helps employees optimize their profiles (establish credibility), leverage their relationships (get warmer introductions), and engage their connections with targeted content (attract prospects). Customers include Fortune 500 leaders in banking, insurance, legal, high-tech, and professional services. You can find us in the real world and on the web:1835 Market St. // Suite 1105Philadelphia, PA 19103#PHONE_f167a2f286e8f4cb0f9fa1e47261030df0d106c8fd5f112e530d0e136de51f64##EMAIL_11429015bb60de942be3eda067d6bc311a361e27527b1caa61d26744faa41e9d##URL_9844023bca59c32bd969064d87e9140e2e7a27774849164ee371457c6eb393f1##URL_fcf1545d702394fe08474c55816b6430cdab10fa1ca92ab2029f06e4eebec154##URL_9fcf934808d5aae269e51500d2f74a1158320477ca5f92484f12eef95e4812fc#
Established on the principles that full time education is not for everyone Spectrum Learning is made up of a team of passionate consultants with the drive for putting people who wish to grow themselves through education whilst working into long term and relevant job roles.We also are official re-sellers for The Institute of Recruiters/ Study Course professional courses in HR Practice, In-House Recruitment and Agency RecruitmentIt is our mission to help anyone wishing to pursue an apprenticeship onto the right qualification and into the right job.We work closely with both the candidate and the employer to ensure when the learner is enrolled they are at the start of a long and successful career.We have great relationships with a number of national training providers to ensure we can cover any apprenticeship available.  
TaskUs provides outsourced customer care and back office support to more than 100 of the world’s fastest growing companies, allowing them focus on their products and services while we scale their operations. By helping our clients grow, we offer a competitive advantage that is second to none. Founded in 2008, TaskUs employs more than 1,000 people internationally, including a team of consultants at its headquarters in Santa Monica, Calif. And teammates in the Philippines. In 2013, Inc. Magazine recognized TaskUs as the fastest-growing outsourcing company in America.
Middle East Recruitment is a specialized recruitment and consulting agency. Established since 1997 founded by professionals that understand the need for exceptional people in the corporate world, with headquarters in London. Middle East Recruitment has become successful in providing the best talent and consulting services to an array of industry sectors.
We're an emerging technology agency, and we build breakthrough products through user-centered design. We're building a team of the brightest minds in creative, engineering, and business because we love working with smart people. 
S2scout, is a Pittsburgh-based talent aquisition firm providing services to small, medium, and large organizations across several industries.S2scout is comprised of seasoned recruiters, A.K.A. “Scouts”, who are dedicated to helping clients AND candidates find the right talent or opportunity without wasting their time.Our dedication to providing clients AND candidates with fresh talent or unique opportunities is in the “S2scout” name. “S2” is the military term for intelligence. “Scout”, by definition, is a person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the target's position, strength and movementOur recruiters don’t sit and wait for candidates to come to them, our Scouts are in front of the search utilizing tactics that are…well…CLASSIFIED.
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
We are Netguru and we love to develop web application based on Ruby On Rails framework. We value quality, transparent communication and passion for work.
#URL_e7c9057d5e6f097876436d175031e95669ede4ebaab52b6be0957c837bc98343#
SLV is a graduate led volunteer organisation in Sri Lanka. SLV provides degree-specific volunteer placements in Sri Lanka. Our placements abroad offer people the chance to gain work experience in teaching English, coaching sports, working with children and with people with special needs, and working in the mental health sector.
Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do.  Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities and businesses worldwide to save money, lives and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world.  Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.
We are making getting your home clean simple again. No more complicated quotes and cluttered websites. Just choose one of our flat rate services that fits your home, select a date that works, sit back and relax. Our professional team will take care of the rest, guaranteeing the very best service.
Jolie Cheveux, Inc  is a hair supplying company that offers 100% Virgin Remy hair. Committed to the quality ONLY, Jolie only offers the highest quality hair available in the entire world. We do not just talk about the idea of "good hair", we are good hair. By understanding the fears of buying "bad hair", Jolie will never sacrifice quality for profit or affordability.
FeedMe is an online multimedia food network connecting foodies and culinary experts in a way that they have never connected before. We feature culinary professionals and industry leaders, from chefs to artisans and give them a channel to showcase their food media, connect with foodies, create and share content on a platform dedicated to the culinary industry.
Vend is looking for some awesome new talent to come join us. You'll be working in an awesome team doing awesome things, and generally being awesome.Learn about us on our blog, or meet the team on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedInAwesome SpaceOur brand new Auckland office space is located on Nuffield Street in Newmarket, surrounded by our customers and the industry we love. It is huge, open, and shiny new with great meeting room spaces, casual working environments and plenty of space to host awesome events. We don't do cubicles, just plenty of space, whiteboards and meetings rooms. We also have a great cafe/retail space with our very own Front of House Manager taking care of our visitors and fellow Venders. Like Auckland our Melbourne office is surrounded by retail. It's a great wee space equipped with tiny houses and some awesome cardboard cutout animals.Our Toronto office is located right in the heart of downtown retail district. Like Melbourne and Auckland there's a great vibe with great coffee, boutique stores and some of the greatest restaurants in the city. Our SoMa office in San Francisco is located in the middle of the SF tech scene, just a (Biz) stone's throw from Twitter.The EnvironmentWe want you to be at the top of your game. You can wear whatever clothing you like, start work late in the morning, take breaks whenever you want and generally work the way you want to work. Who we're looking forVend is looking for people to push the boundaries. We are a hard working professional team with a wicked sense of humour, and we are looking for people who thrive in a collaborative open environment. We want passionate, hard working, talented individuals that want to lead in their field.
Innovative technology for digital pathology and cancer diagnostics
Market Logic is changing the way the world's largest companies run their market research and marketing functions. We are doing this by providing a unique SaaS-solution to capture all information about customers, markets, brands and competition and funelling the relevant knowledge to inform and inspire marketing decisions from innovation to activation. We believe that a systematic approach to integrate and use existing knowledge will dramatically improve the effectiveness of the hundreds of billions dollars spent on marketing each and every year across all industries, from consumer goods to pharmaceuticals.We are a venture-capital financed company with an experienced team of management executives who have a proven track record of delivering award-winning software solutions for enterprise customers. Seasoned operational executives, including Robert Hoog (former CEO of Ixos Software) and Arno Bohn (former CEO of Porsche), support us on the supervisory board. We advance our vision for a new way of doing marketing together with thought leaders from both the academic and professional side, including Prof. Dr. Dr. Meffert (Marketing Centrum Münster) and Prof. Dr. Schroiff (former Corporate VP of market research at Henkel).Market Logic offers a dynamic, fun and enjoyable work environment, located in central Berlin - just a block away from Kurfürstendamm. We are working with the latest and greatest technologies on engineering and UX challenges to deliver a truly innovative, scalable enterprise software that will alter the way an entire industry works.
Our HistoryFounded in 1929 by Earl Bertrand Bradley, the company began selling products for Knape and Vogt Co. of Grand Rapids, Michigan.With the opening of the Los Angeles branch in 1929, the company became a wholesale distributor specializing in store fixture and specialty hardware such as drawer slides, hinges, brackets and standards. In 1943 branch offices were opened in San Francisco followed by Seattle in 1956.The company’s market position and business began to grow during the late 1950′s and 1960′s after adding Wilsonart’s high-pressure laminate line to its product mix.During the 1970′s under the leadership of E.B. Bradley’s son Robert E. Bradley, Sr., two new branches were opened; San Diego in 1972 and Portland in 1976. Significant product additions were the Blum line of European hinges and drawer slides and Accuride precision ball bearing drawer slides. A greater emphasis as a supplier to the Cabinet and Furniture industries was taking hold.Since the opening of the Anaheim branch in 1995, the company has been consistently growing.In 1998 the company entered the cold press lamination business by opening 3 locations of its West Coast Laminating subsidiary in the Los Angeles, San Francisco and Pacific Northwest marketplaces.Our OwnershipUp until January 4, 2009, the company operated as a 100% family owned business.On January 5, 2009, Industrial Opportunity Partners (“IOP”), a private equity firm based in Evanston, IL. partnered with Robert Bradley, Jr. in aquiring the stock of E.B. Bradley Co. and its subsidiaries from its current shareholders.
Wiredrive is a fast growing, privately-owned SaaS company with headquarters in Marina del Rey and offices in New York City and London.  With over 1000 customers worldwide, Wiredrive has become the application of choice for creative professionals in the advertising, television and motion-picture industries who need to upload, manage and present their digital media.  Wiredrive’s client base is made up of the top global advertising agencies, television/movie production companies, post-production houses and brands.  See more here: #URL_4c1236699b2d374ac6fa352634dbe55dc8015b460c14fdbe1adc775e1d928878#.  
Recombine provides clinical genetic testing. CarrierMap, the first product created at Recombine, is the most comprehensive, cost-effective clinical genetic test, currently being provided to thousands of patients around the world through our network of physicians. Our company was founded by experts in fertility, clinical genetics, bioinformatics and computer science brought together with one goal in mind: to improve health outcomes based on actionable and responsible genetic testing.
As a growing and successful startup, Conversocial is a great place to work for ambitious individuals.We build a market leading social customer service solution, and we need even more great people to help us push that position even further. You’ll get the opportunity to work in an exciting new market, where we’re helping companies to understand the solution to their problems and are changing the way they interact with consumers.We have a trusting, hands-off management style, which is suited for people that are self-motivated.Our employees have the opportunity for independence and responsibility over their own projects, but we provide all the support and training they need to get there and to develop their careers.At Conversocial we like to balance work and play.We eat lunch together everyday (a company perk) and all enjoy a Friday treat of cake and few drinks. Our close-knit team is very sociable, which makes the Conversocial office a relaxed, fun and supportive working environment.
Empower America is mission driven to recruit, train and employ our military veterans into careers in renewable energy the construction industry.  We are prepared to build the nation’s first veteran workforce, with the highest work ethics instilled by the best trainer on the planet our military.Empower America is unique in that it works with local government and businesses to originate or assist in developing energy efficiency and solar energy projects.  We stand for American Jobs, American Veterans and American Energy Independence.​ 
Mindworks interactive is one of the fastest growing Digital Agencies and the leading Performance Marketing Agency in Greece.It consists of 62 employees with vast expertise in Client Service, Creative work (Web Design, Animation, Copywriting, Concept, Word of Mouth etc) and Performance Marketing (SEO, Paid Search, Usability, Metrics, Social Media).Client list includes Greece's most important advertisers like Vodafone, Aegean Airlines, Mondelez Greece, Coca-Cola Greece, SCA Greece, L'Oreal Hellas, Folli Follie, Disney Greece, Heineken, AMSTEL, #URL_c379aa631173ed5b7c345ab3f500a9a053e509138ca70e52c1088e5a784dc8d7#, Greek Yellow Pages, Μoustakas Toys, Skroutz, and many others.By joining Mindworks you will have the opportunity to work on unique interactive projects including digital campaigns, search &amp; performance marketing, Social Media management, websites, portals &amp; e-shops, social &amp; mobile applications, and manage some of the largest clients in the Greek market.#URL_d2808425ebab24174ad6749af638b120145adcba7c2b722e5b6e87b43e969a0c#
Happy Typing, on any smart device.Fleksy is officially the fastest keyboard in the world, and is so powerful that you can even type without looking.
We help teachers get safe &amp; secure jobs abroad :)
The Technical Team and offering at VML London has a very strong heritage dating back to the mid-nineties when the London office was founded. Back in those days we were one of the first few purely digital marketing agencies in London; and back then things were a lot more technically driven than they often are today; as such the Technology team here continues to enjoy a strong strategic influence on the work that the agency undertakes and the clients that we engage.It just works.Technology is brilliant when you don’t have to think about it. That’s what we strive for in our solutions. Our technology team has a strong strategic influence on the work we undertake and are involved as soon as the brief lands. They stay involved throughout strategy, creative concepting and design. Acting as important enablers, we bring new and emerging technology to the table to successfully marry the requirements of our clients with the vision of our creatives.Open standards, open minds.We aim to deliver the most elegant technical solution for your budget, and maintain a technology agnostic approach to development in order to achieve that. Technology can be expensive, both in terms of hard costs and costly mistakes, so we’re as careful with your money as we are with our own.   Perhaps that’s why some of our clients have been with us for over 10 years. When faced with a new problem our first instinct is always to see if someone else has already solved it. As such, the solutions we design are built on the rich eco-system of open source software (OSS); the proven and battle-tested kind that we know will not just do the job quickly and cost-effectively, but also robustly. Where OSS isn't appropriate we always favour solutions that are built to open standards that we know will integrate well with other technologies.Strong partnerships.Our work is complemented by strong partnerships with technology vendors and suppliers.   Proven over time, our established strategic relationships with many of the leaders in software, hardware and other technology solutions help ensure we’re able to continue to offer best-in-class technical solutions for our clients.What we do:High availability and high performance website architecture &amp; developmentWeb content management solutionsCreative technology ideationContent optimisation, search and analyticsHigh volume, multi-locale email campaignsMobile optimisationLocalisation
We believe clients need a business partner who gets their business, gets the uniqueness of their culture and gets their brand. A partner who can create BIG revenue generating ideas, and in the same day, execute the minutiae of experiential programs flawlessly. We are TraffikGroup. A different kind of company. A different agency experience.Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.
We are a family run business that has been in operation for nearly 40 years.  We value long term relationships and want to have team members that can be treated like family.  We are strong believers in a deal is a deal and we don't change pay plans after you crush it!  We want our teammates to enjoy mutual success.  We put the dealership first in everything we do.  That means above the ownership or the associates.  The needs of the Team are number one!We are located in Wilmington MA -- 15 miles from downtown Boston.  It's a great town with great people we have a primary market area of about 255,000 people.  This means plenty of people to help with their transportation needs.
Although AssistRx was formed in only 2009, we have capitalized on our 30 years of combined experience working within the specialty distribution channel, both in caring for patients as well as close collaboration with pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Our simple goal is to apply innovative solutions to provide greater access to therapy.                                                    Through years of exposure and insider knowledge, AssistRx (ARX) has become intimately acquainted with specialty therapy distribution, but has also identified shortcomings that exist in meeting patients’ needs using the current industry methodology.  Seeking to detangle the intricate complications that arise in this niche market, ARX has developed exclusive technology with our iAssist product and, when combined with our customizable features and superior service, we are confident it will be exactly what your organization needs to resolve prevalent issues and excel in customer care.  In fact, we believe our unique technology will revolutionize the current specialty distribution market by creating a seamless and efficient system to ensure benefits to all parties involved.                                                    AssistRx, as a company, is dedicated to developing technology solutions and offering premium customer service for the specialty pharma industry.  Improvement in the delivery of patient care has been a core motivation for ARX as we have partnered with healthcare companies, and it will continue to inspire us to find better solutions to continue to meet needs in this ever growing and changing market.                        AssistRx, Tomorrow's Technology Today.
Want to build a 21st century financial service?We're convinced that that there is a need for innovation in financial services and that current banks will not be the ones providing this. Instead this innovation will come from companies like TransferWise and we're on a hunt for great minds who think like we do.
Neverbland is a team of designers, developers and doers. Specialists in user experience, interaction design and product development. Having earned our spurs developing startups, we understand the importance of simple, elegant solutions and quick releases; matching beautiful aesthetic to functional design.We're driven by the Web's ability to unite and empower. That's why we're passionate about collaboration and the open source movement. But it's what we haven't done that really excites us. What's next?
We Provide Full Time Permanent Positions for many medium to large US companies. We are interested in finding/recruiting high quality candidates in IT, Engineering, Manufacturing and other highly technical and non-technical jobs.
At Hayes-Corp, we create the fun stuff.  With a focus on software development for mobile platforms, we are constantly looking for talented people that can think outside the box logically and creatively.  Whether you define yourself as a coder, a marketer, or a number cruncher, we give you the resources to excel at what you do best. If you don’t see a position you like, but think you have what it takes - just send your resume to #EMAIL_eaa37b5bf6cd5f435db52ea17edfd1f61c685afdf336f31ca36d3514a139e79e#.
Valor Services provides Workforce Solutions that meet the needs of companies across the Private Sector, with a special focus on the Oil &amp; Gas Industry. Valor Services will be involved with you throughout every step of the hiring process and remain in contact with you all the way through the final step of signing of the employment contract with your new employer. Valor Services was founded with the vision of employing the unique skills, experiences, and qualities of America’s finest veterans to provide Private Sector companies with precise and concerted value-added services – and America’s finest Veterans with an optimized career opportunity.We are eager to get the word out to veterans that there are ample opportunities for employment in the private sector and that you are the ideal candidates to fill those positions. Valor Services Your Success is Our Mission. ™ 
Saras America's Microsoft Center of Excellence can help you:Design and develop robust, scalable .NET applicationsDevelop web services using the .NET framework and the SOAP toolkitRe-engineer applications to .NET from legacy systemsMigrate web and desktop applications to .NETManage application upgradesDevelop application interfaces (APIs)Enable remote/mobile access to applicationsTools and Technologies We build visually rich web applications and complex transactional business applications with Microsoft's .NET framework containing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), .NET services, etc. Saras America uses Microsoft platform products such as Windows Server 2005/2008 with virtualization technologies such as Hyper-V to build applications that can scale and allow server consolidation to reduce IT investments. SQL Server forms reliable data platform for most applications built using Microsoft .NET environment. Saras America has built many complex, innovative and mission critical applications utilizing the SQL Server database technologies. Saras America can help you develop custom Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting application that analyses and reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data. Saras America helps customers develop and deploy a number of solutions including custom branding, workflows, collaboration, departmental solutions and custom portals using Microsoft SharePoint technologies. We use appropriate technologies such as Silverlight along with .NET technologies to create applications with compelling user experiences in a rapid timeline. Saras America can also build Open Source web applications for small and medium businesses using the Microsoft Web Platform.
Pricing Recruiters is the leading global resource for the procurement, vetting and placement of qualified, pricing and profitability professionals worldwide.  We understand and hold appreciation for the unique needs and demands of today’s employers and job seekers who work within the pricing discipline across all levels and industries.  Through our insightful knowledge of pricing in over 5 offices in 4 key international markets we hold an active candidate database of over 4,000 candidates from senior analyst to executive leadership.  Contact one of our recruitment consultants today to learn how we can help position your pricing team for success through strategic recruitment and team buildin
FP descriptions:FN descriptions:Climate Corporation and Aptitude Staffing Solutions have partnered up in an effort to streamline the hiring process and provide a more efficient and effective recruitng model.  Our focus is to help develop and achieve your career goals while makeing a solid geographical, cultural and professional fiit when leveraging your career into your new and exciting professional venture!
Bradley Contracting Group Corporation offers a wide range of B2B services through a plethora of different small business entities. We have sectors in many different industries. Our main objective is to harness contracts with as many different small businesses, and corporations in the Cincinnati Tri-State Area, and in the southern ohio region.Bradley Contracting Group Corporation has been around for almost 5 years doing work in different cities for various clients. We've worked out of Louisville Ky, Charlotte NC, and Atlanta GA. As of November 2013 we've established ourselves as transportation and courier service. Some clients of note are FedEx Ground, and HHGreg. As a result of our own diligence and dedication to excellence we're also looking to expand into other markets as well as obtain contracts with Lowes, Best Buy, the City of Cincinnati, the State of Ohio, and many different schools and districts of schools as well. We're in excellent standing with the State of Kentucky and a registered Foreign entity with the State of Ohio. We're temporarily stationed out in Hamilton, Ohio within our transportation and warehousing facility we've recently acquired. Our main focus is to establish a reputation of excellence, diligence, and innovation. If you feel you can live up to our motto, "Excellence no excuses.", we'd love to have you as a part of our team!
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
We have aggressive growth plans in place for the coming years. We provide a much needed service in facilitating the growth of small and medium size business with innovative financing products to their clients.We, at Oak Tree Financing, commit our energies, intellect and knowledge to helping small and medium size business owners and entrepreneurs with extraordinary financing solutions to clients. We believe in providing the highest possible level of service and delivering superior results. We are committed to their financial well-being. With 67% of the population having No Credit or Bad Credit our financing products have helped business owners increase their sales on average by 30%.
Aegis is a global business services provider in the area of experience management. We provide a suite of solutions for our clients, from strategy and design to implementation and execution, that help global brands deliver memorable end-customer experiences.With a presence in 56 locations across 13 countries and with more than 55,000 employees, Aegis manages over a billion customer interactions every year for over 300 clients across verticals such as BFSI, Telecom, Healthcare, Travel and Hospitality, Consumer Goods, Retail, and Technology. Aegis manages, enables, extends, and enhances business experiences for its clients and their customers across consulting, technology, outsourcing, and training and education.Aegis is an Essar enterprise. Essar is a USD 39 billion conglomerate.- See more at: #URL_e8c499d2ca1fbf5755d4b1b178935b9083dccbe9587203a143de4981e0d2481a###URL_96e4f476dd7b820dc543c315e6e034d8241f8c53721d5ed893beb836062edb6e#
We have aggressive growth plans in place for the coming years. We provide a much needed service in facilitating the growth of small and medium size business with innovative financing products to their clients.We, at Oak Tree Financing, commit our energies, intellect and knowledge to helping small and medium size business owners and entrepreneurs with extraordinary financing solutions to clients. We believe in providing the highest possible level of service and delivering superior results. We are committed to their financial well-being. With 67% of the population having No Credit or Bad Credit our financing products have helped business owners increase their sales on average by 30%.
DRS Technologies, headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, U.S.A., is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. Focused on defense technology, the Company develops, manufactures and supports a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security. The Company has been recognized as one of the fastest growing defense technology companies in the world and holds leading market positions in thermal imaging devices, combat display workstations, electronic sensor systems, power systems, rugged computer systems, air combat training systems, mission recorders, deployable flight incident recorders, environmental control systems, telecommunication systems, aircraft loaders, military trailers and shelters, and integrated logistics and support services. 
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
As the industry’s largest supply contracting company, Novation serves the purchasing needs of more than 65,000 VHA, UHC and Provista member organizations and their affilliates. Novation delivers unmatched supply savings and value through its sourcing services, as well as information and data services. Through its affiliation with VHA, UHC and Provista, Novation represents the largest purchasing volume in the industry more than $40 billion in annual purchases.To help our alliance members meet the needs of their communities, our mission is to deliver to them unmatched savings and value. One of the ways we deliver on our mission is by facilitating the introduction of products and services that are designed to help members drive sustainable results, improve quality and reduce costs.
At DynCorp International it is our commitment to conduct business honestly, ethically and in accordance with worldwide best practices.  DynCorp International team members all over the world are focusing on continuous improvement, introducing the Lean Six Sigma process to DI’s programs in aviation, logistics, operations and maintenance, and training.
Aker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.
